30310 and I was just calling to leave a comment and request that we did find the Atlanta police department and reallocate the resources from it. I believe that the APD in Santa Cruz public safety and wellness and instacart curb violence through increased training to been as ineffective. I want, I feel we should dismantle and replace a department that isn't proven ineffective at carrying out its mandate and is unresponsive to reform, a plan that should be created for defunding APD and reallocating resources to more effective community based strategies for reducing crime and increasing safety. I also think that we should defend and demolish the jail and as well as getting justice for the people that APD needs to be accountable for. officers must be held accountable for killing people and failing to address the police killings in the past to that cumulated his trust in the city of Atlanta the value of black life. You know, there are several ways where we could reallocate the resources in different the Atlanta police department. But I believe we should create a five to seven year plan firstly to dismantle the Atlanta police department and build a new community based community controlled public safety system. You know, and that was the comment. I was hoping to each Thank you.
messages for the Atlanta city council and Mayor Keisha Lance bottoms, I urge you to redirect the much of the funding that is allocated for the lease right now to the community for different initiatives as decided by the Atlantic community. However, sign should go to social services that directly impact in the community. Right now, allocation appears to disproportionately support the police rather than directly affecting changing communities. Please redirect funds. Thank you.
Yes, my name is Terry Ross and I am an active member in NB t as in Tom. And my comments today concerned the budget hearing this morning. In that budget, I really strongly encourage the city council to include money for body worn cameras for both police for for patrol as well as detectives. I also recommend to the council mandate that those body cams be turned on for the entire time while those officers are on duty. We also need to increase the budget for the Atlanta citizens review board and And when I say increase the budget, I mean increase the city support of that review board when by keeping them in City Hall where they rightfully should be, but giving them enough space so that the nine investigators actually have room to work as well as keeping within city hall. We also need to reallocate funds for training and equipment for the police to include of course the body cam and caught him and make sure that those cams are stay stay on. We also need to increase Atlanta fire budget to expand the renovation of fire station number seven. That promise was made more than eight years ago and it still has not been proposed off field and then allow for only one term for each of the individual servers on the license Review Board, including the chair. Let me know if I need to add anything else. Or I can tell you my name is Jerry Ross, active member of MPT here in southwest Atlanta.
Hi, my name is Anna HIPAA. I live in the Edgewood neighborhood and I was calling today about the problem at hand with police brutality. It's a very serious issue and I hope you're with us. We've been out on the streets, making our voices heard and we need your help. I would like to ask that the fiscal year 2021 budget into the following things. Firstly, cut the budget for the Atlanta Police Department Guy 60% or more. Defund the Atlanta city detention center and take that money to reinvest in our community reinvest that money to reentry programs, low income housing and other social services, especially that in particular to black communities. And thank you for listening. This is Very important time in our history and Atlanta shouldn't be on the right side of this. I really hope you all feel called to do the right thing. Thank you so much.
Hi, my name is Tommy Holdsworth I'm calling because I feel that utmost importance that the divest from police in Atlanta and invest in our communities. The police get an outsized portion of the budget that should be spent on education, community development grants. Developing low income communities preventing children from from becoming involved in under favorable circumstances in the first place and and providing them opportunities. And we have the money for that. And it's being spent on police rather than opportunities. It's a direct correlation with the school to prison pipeline. And we need to divest from police and invest in our communities and our youth. And I appreciate this comment being taken. Seriously. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Tommy Holdsworth. I'm calling because I feel that is of the utmost importance that we divest from police in Atlanta and invest in our communities. The police get an outsized portion of the budget that should be spent on education community, develop government grants developing low income communities preventing children from from becoming involved in in undesirable circumstances in the first place and and providing them opportunities. And we have the money for that. And it's being spent on police rather than opportunities. It's a direct correlation with the school to prison pipeline, and we need to divest from police and invest in our communities and our youth. And I appreciate this comment being taking seriously. Thank you.
Hi, it's Aaron Wilker here. And I have suggestions for what we should do with the money. You guys are doing a budget. I think we should cancel all police raises considering I don't really think they've earned them because they're still murdering citizens. That being said, we should also cancel the proposed 12 point 12 million raise and the general fund for police services and 21. Like when they don't deserve it. kept those 987 k raised in the airport revenue fund early enough inventory and reallocate those funds into things like actually better the city. I mean, that's really like building infrastructure and make Atlanta Great. Let's do it. Okay. All right. Let's make it awesome. Let's bring it back to its prime glory. That actually never existed because I mean, oppression. Anyways, I appreciate that I get more money to police. Thank you.
I can't believe that you're spending 217.6 million of your 670 million budget for the police department. How about some mental health and education and all kinds of other crap that you guys need to roads, whatever I mean think of things. I cannot believe that you are spending that much money to that crooked damn Police Department of yours. You better think about twice no brains. No Brain.
Hey my name is Heather Barrera. And I would like to voice my opinion that we defund the police and that we invest into the community.
and I'm calling in regards to the proposed budget which is absolutely ridiculous. The have any sense of ethics you would defend the police and invest more in communities? The spread of where the money is going is actually disturbing. And to me?
Yes, hello, my name is Vincent Luna. I'm a resident of Atlanta, Georgia. I've been a resident of Atlanta, Georgia, over 10 years now. I really demand that robots invest more into our communities than actually the policing because policing is not working.
Hi, my name is Alex Lang. And I've lived in Montana for the past five years, calling in as a voice among many to demand the defunding of the police department and reallocate those resources to public safety, wellness, and other programs that help keep the community safe online. The police asked time and time again for the police to be reformed to be held accountable to be be a police policeman that helps more than harms the killing of Rashard Brooks. It's just the tip of the iceberg for all of the all of the police killings that have taken place in Atlanta. Those names include Alexia Christian de Andre, Philip, Gavin Rogers, Jimmy Ensign, and Oscar Kane, and many more. And we're calling on your leadership to defund the Atlantic police department and reallocate these resources. Do you fund it demolish the jail and have justice for these people that have been ruthlessly killed by people on the job by police officers that were doing doing what they Their job was and we want the city of Atlanta to hold APD accountable for the live stage.
I am calling to demand more communities and police. Monica says please give us the funds to the community and not to the police. Thank you.
I am calling to defund the police. A third of the city budget goes to the police which I think is ridiculous. We literally paying them to murder young blackness, because that's exactly what they do. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Tim Sonic. I was born and raised in metro Atlanta. I'm just calling to suggest that Mayor bottoms and the rest of our Representatives cut the Atlanta police department's budget by at least half and redistribute those funds towards our public schools and Coronavirus resources. Thank you very much.
This is Sherry Williams with Georgia stand up. I am calling to urge you to reallocate your 21 budget funds to fund the people's projects. Yesterday and last week hundreds of Atlanta residents made their voices heard during hours and hours, the public comments and several things emerged. It was a joy to hear the humanitarian demands to fund programs while Atlanta's residents who are in basic need of life changing services. During our most challenging time hope for our city is obtainable. And we can set the tone to show our state and nation. We are our brother's keeper. The question is will you out elected leaders on the reasonable project for which we have asked. Of course we cannot take on and mantle APD we can reallocate, reposition require high standards Institute community policing, and treat all residents with dignity and respect. We can make sure when Atlanta includes black and poor and all atlantan make sure Martin Luther King Jr. Dream finally becomes reality in his hometown. The decades that he was laid to rest. Because God's delay is not God's denial, urge you today to lift and transform reform and reallocate public safety funds to turn broken promises into transparent policies to build trusting relationships with residents and our loyal and committed APD officers who have been waiting for the worst among them to be routed out. Thank you for not giving another $20 million for bridge that is used less than four months out of the year. So no longer give wealthy developers tax breaks to steal our infrastructure education, thank you for funding programs and treating black glass the same as other lives and for no longer tolerating injustice here in the home of the civil rights movement.
Hi, my name is Thomas Hartford. I just wanted to first off, say thank you for everybody that's here, part of the board. And secondly, state my proposal or you know, what I think would be helpful for our city. I think we should have to take into consideration the 5010 plan that's coming out of Athens, Georgia, that is specifically meant to transition 50% of the armed officer positions to mental health, social work and restorative justice, their windows in the next 10 years. I would expect some sort of change in the next 10 months. We need this to happen a lot sooner than that. Something I also read up on in regards to defunding the police would Something that really shouldn't be arguable, should be the research of Elinor Ostrom, specifically her book governing the commons evolution of institutions for collective action, I think we should definitely take into consideration more civilians, people who actually part of their community being active within the police forces. And that should definitely take into consideration of course, the defunding of the detention center, which I know is already in effect, and also taking into consideration education funding, ensuring that, you know, the funds that are going to be taken out of the police system, being put back into public schooling districts to make sure that each district is receiving equal funding, just to make sure that all minority children and all children in public, housing and education systems are being able to get in and out calling to say again. Thank you so much. Also, of course, take into consideration raising wages for public defenders and public teachers. Thank y'all.
Hi, my name is Lauren. And I just want to say, if your goal is to create a safe city, please put your money where your mouth is. Take that $15 million. It will only serve to continue to oppress the black citizens of Atlanta and apply it to the root of the problem, which is the lack of community funding. please for the love of fucking god. Put it towards the voting rights, education, community services. Stop funding murder please Stop giving money to people who murder like citizens. Thank you. I also heard Keisha Lance bottoms talk about how we should consider the fact that $15 million was going towards raising salaries, promotions. Why? Here's the thought. Why do we stop bucking, paying people to be trained as police officers? Why don't we stop giving raises tall numbers? Just a fucking idea. Maybe we should think about it. I don't know. What do you think? Like, do you think that we should give a raise to somebody who's willing to murder black people? Because I think that sounds fucking crazy.
Hi, my name is Josh smart. I was earlier today that the budget meeting was taking place and I want to convey to those in charge that I do not agree with the proposed AP budget of around I think it's to 217 million dollars in taxpayer money. bl in any shape or form. A cook should need anywhere close to that amount. I instead will recommend that those funds be reallocated or it's education, fixing the city's infrastructure and maybe the lower income areas of the city. I hope the department will consider the opinions of me and my constituents and if you are of the people or the people and you serve the people, you will consider all of our opinions when making these decisions. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Hi, my name is Josh smart. I was in firm earlier today. The budget meeting was taking place and I want to convey to those in charge that I do not agree with the proposed APD budget of around I think it's to 217 million dollars of taxpayer money. The owl in any shape or form, could should need anywhere close to that amount. I instead will recommend that those funds be reallocated or education, picking the city's infrastructure and maybe the lower income areas of the city. I hope that department will consider the opinions of me and my constituents. And if you are the people or the people and you serve the people, you will consider all of our opinions when making these decisions. Thank you very much and have a great day.
This is Michael Sanderson. I'm calling to ask that you defund the police department in reality to resources deep bond demand jail and then you reopen investigations into APD chilling since 2017 and develop community tribunal to assess the use of force and take steps to hold APD officers accountable. Thank you.
My name is Dominic Maschler and I live in the West new neighborhood in District 10. Last Wednesday, I contacted every city council member via email expressing my concerns about Mayor bottoms proposed budget, addressing the $12.1 million increase in police Monday and I stated that we need to recenter our priorities and recognize that we can't solve all our problems with a stronger arm. Police need a narrower focus which does not pass them with jobs better suited for social workers or other specialists. Last Thursday, two council members responded to my message councilmembers i'd and for ogee I would like to publicly thank you both for taking the time to answer. I know your time is precious. So I appreciate your attention. In their messages, the council members reiterated them Mayor Stanford this budget increase simply reflects the pay raise granted to the APB last year and helps to guarantee Atlanta is competitive in securing the best candidates for its force. Last Friday, two police officers approached Rashard broke sleeping in his car and 20 minutes later he was bleeding to death. I am not omniscient, but I feel certain that a 5.9% increase would not have prevented recharge desk. That was last week. This week, we are no longer listening to soft spoken assurances that this budget is nothing to worry about. This budget is the status quo plus a cost of living adjustments. Aside from the rays given to officers, no other considerations have been made. The status quo killed a father on Friday. He was not the first and without significant changes to how we police the city he will not be I call him the city council to remind the world why Atlanta is the cradle of the civil rights movement to bend the arc of the moral universe towards justice. We must talk I call on you to pull with the people in the streets and begin defunding the Atlanta police. Thank you Your time.
Good morning. My name is Howard Smith. And my question for the City Council this morning is how can we allocate funds in the budget to go towards books and curriculum, and just trying to the education system so that we can help change the narrative that exceptionally black Americans each and every day, and I think it really does start with the education system. So how can you change that? from elementary, middle school, high school and above?
Hi, my name is Anna. I live in southwest Atlanta. And I'm calling because I'm very bothered about the recent incidents of police brutality against black people. And given that this is the home of the civil rights movement, we've had many civil rights women be prominent in Atlanta. This is not the kind of reputation we want report. Did on our city. The repeated brutality does nothing but traumatize the black community. It does not solve problems it does not reduce crime. It is becoming a heartache for our community. To resolve this, I'm asking that the city we allocate funds by first cutting the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50%. I asked the defund the Atlanta city detention center, and reinvest that money into re entry programs, low income housing and other social services. Thank you for listening and know that the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in history.
morning, my name is Howard. I'm wondering how we can be allocated funds in the budget to go towards sexual assault. I noticed we saw just Have you ever happened to make sure that we have the resources and the money and everything that we need the tools to efficiently and professionally? away from the mining Friendly House and wondering how we can reallocate funds to help the homeless. I have seen and grown up in Atlanta my entire life on homelessness.

Hello, Chris. I am looking at the proposed budget and I see that police is supposed to be 200 units 17 million in grants the community developed those proposed images 13,000. Our community has a long way to go. And parks, recreation, public defenders, ethics boards, everything just has they're getting close. And the police is kinda outweighing everything else. I would like to demand a change. And I feel like it is more important to visit our communities have been to police them. How are you policing a community that doesn't have the budget to grow? Where's the growth? How are you policing without growth? Thank you.
Hello, my name is Aaron clan, and I'm calling to request that you divest in the Atlanta police to continue to brutalize and kill the people who may have to secure and protect and thought I asked you to invest money in communities and those that have been a economically disadvantaged and those who have been historically prejudiced against and disadvantaged. With your vote today. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Nick Nelson, and I'm calling in regards to the meeting that's happening today. I strongly, strongly believe that you guys need to allocate more money to community development. The police department receives way too much funding needs to be defunded, and that money needs to be allocated to black and brown committed communities. There is no need for the police department to be funded in such a grossly unethical way. And I know those are strong words, but what we've seen over these past couple of months and over the years, quite frankly, demonstrates that the police are out of control, and they need to be funded. And that money needs to be allocated to black and brown communities where that money will be served in a much more productive way. In terms of community development and grants, thank you.
Manager police and more money should be allocating more money. So grants and Community Development review board in planning pathways is not the police department.
We're calling to request and demand that more of Atlanta budgets be directed to the community protecting, protecting them, but not to policing them. Please do Just defined to police.
My name is Cathy proud of it and I am inspired all my tax dollars going to the police department when they are not projected and serving equally. So I demand change.
And hi my name is faith Romani and I am calling really to demand Mayor bottom invest more into our communities rather than policing them. We don't need more police. So the city of Atlanta is going in because in $78 million as a proposed general fund budget, and you guys had the audacity to say that the police deserve 217 million dollars of debt. test takers. That is ridiculous that is that is the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life. That is just the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life. You guys even put that for potential children to school public defenders who needed to tell people who are the baddest 217 million dollars. Yeah, okay. Don't do that or rise in protesting already. We're not gonna we're not super good man and better. And 270 million dollars towards the police. That's a red flag they deserve at most 100 million, maybe 35 million, but definitely put the rest of that towards the community because we deserve it. It's our money.
Hello, my name is Samantha Paige. I'm trying to say that I support moving money away from the police and into community investments.
How My name is Daniel Boone and I'm calling because I have looked at the proposed budget for the year 2021. And it's hard to not see that the amount that's being spent on policing the community is way more than it is spent on investigated by Congress prevention for understanding that the mayor adjusted budget accordingly and lower the amount that's going to be spent on policing the community significantly and redistribute among the other community based programs. As an event in one
morning, my name is Leslie Ramirez. I am in Atlanta, Georgia. So I seen a lot of different things take place recently, as many of you have also. You know, I I believe that today when discussing the budget, we should really take into consideration how much is being poured into the police department and how much should be put in poured into our community, particularly into small business owned events. And also programs as well as nonprofit programs that are out there tailored to our youth. Our youth are everything, they are our future. And if we continue to fund the programs that are not helping our youth that are actually hurting armies, and also killing our youth, we're not going to succeed in having a better future. It takes effort. It's not just money. Of course money helps the situation. But I believe that if we work together and we actually sit down and put out all these programs that can prove that they've been out They actually cause change and they actually do help our children and our youth. And we put them out on the table we see which ones are good for, for the city. You know, we're a whole world and we fund those and help those and help the community. We can make a lot of changes and make progress with where we're standing right now. I believe that funding the police right now with things the way they are, it wouldn't be the very most. If there are any programs that you are interested in, please don't hesitate Call me at 470-416-7381 that is my cell phone number. And I have a big network here in Atlanta that are actually trying
My name is Ashanti bands. I'm calling in regards to the the budget meeting today and I'm requesting that you take money from the police and invest it into Our communities rather than policing them and investing them into more community outreach program. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Caitlin Crider. I live in work within the city of Atlanta. My phone number is 678-800-3481. I'm calling to request to the city of Atlantis fiscal year 2021 budget year revised. Along with my request I asked for the mayor and city council to remember that one of the performance measures for this budget is residents that are equipped for success. The budget as currently written, does not lend itself to quickly resident to success. I asked the fun to the Department of policing services not receive an increase of 5.9%. I asked the Department of policing services also received a staffing reduction. It currently has the most staff in the city at 2605 full time equivalent staff. I actually find displayed up by these reductions to the Department of policing service staff as well as budget be reallocated to community development. Thank you.
My name is Brianna home. I'm calling today this message for Mayor bottoms. I'm asking you to defend the police. The budget that they are about to receive is absolutely ridiculous. I'm asking you to take that money and put it into communities such as the black and brown communities. For other issues. Please, please stand up. Be courageous. We support you in doing this in the amount that they are this morning, please, please make the right decision and be on the right side of history. Thank you.
My name is Eli hanner. I am a resident of DeKalb County. In regards to next year's budget, there are a number of things that are a little bit troublesome. But the main one being the proposed budget for the Atlanta police department. It looks like the proposed budget is over 200 million. And I truly believe this egregious error as a budget needs to be cut by 50% with the remaining 100 plus million dollars going to community programs, such as affordable housing, on the beltline, which sort of happened but have not previously been held accountable for mental health and reentry programs. And also to the Atlanta public school system. We just need more community support out here in our study. I think it's as simple as that. Thank you.
Good morning. My name is Jocelyn Dunbar and I'm respectfully requesting that you fund the police in Atlanta. This is from your bottoms. This is for anyone that has the control on the palette to
draw more money than some residents. The police department for the black community these restaurants and businesses that were started with Coronavirus, the homeless downtown
My name is Brittany scholars. I demand you defund the Atlanta Police department. You Just $17 million allocated to them is insane when you have $313,000 to the community you need to raise community budget and defund the police.
Good morning. My name is Angela doty and then Atlanta city resident. I was calling in regards to the ballot. I'm sorry, the voting on the Manistee budget, I was calling to request that the city divest from the enormous investment in the police force into the rest of the budget. In particular, I'm a teacher and I'm very concerned with education. I really think that we should be able to buy pencils and have the technology that they need and the support they need and not have to reuse textbooks that are outdated simply because they can't afford it. Rather than investing it In extreme technology for the police force, that is not justified. I would appreciate it if you guys would please reduce their budget drastically and put the money where it will actually help the community. Thank you very much.
My name is Alexander on this and I was calling to leave a message about the budget. I think it's evidence that the Atlanta police department is receiving too much of our money. I think we need to reinvest that money into our communities. This council said this mayor said that they were going to close the Atlanta city detention center and that has yet to happen. So that should happen immediately. redirected back to the community. And as well as Council has been silent as our mayor or twist the electorate Governor to calling the National Guard on our citizens here. Don't call for an unnecessary, unnecessary escalation of violence. And it's imperative that this council also step up in regards with that. Thank you for your time.
Defund APD. Defund now, we need money in our communities in the police, especially when they're killing people.
Hi, I'm Tina Harrell, I'm calling with the metro Atlanta democratic socialists. I'm calling to support the demands put forward by groups like the people's response, Atlanta, United campus workers, and metro Atlanta. DSA. T is George's new budget to defund the police in mass incarceration in the racist war on drugs in special tax privilege. For the rich and put those funds towards providing for those released from incarceration, investing in black and marginalized communities, ensuring funds to social services are increased, not decreased. We need them the most. I also want to echo labor union demands that I want. Any furloughed or state employees start with the highest paid employees that no employee making less than 40 K is furloughed. And all workers are guaranteed health care do this thing Dimmick. Thank you.
My name is Krista Cody. I'm a person of color not black woman by the name. Department for the community has proposed to produce a million dollars general fund budget. Too much of that money 217.6 million Going to the police. We need them to be defunded. We want them to be allocated towards grants and community development in the ethics board, public defenders, city planning, Parks and Recreation, and citizens Review Board.
Oh, my name is Chiara Blanca and I am calling to push to divest from funds from Atlanta, Atlanta police department and invest into other resources in the community. Thank you best from the police and start investing in community. How are the grants for Community Development $313,000. But the huge number 217 million for the police. If you just took half of the police budget and put in a community development, some of those plays into some of the places in Atlanta would be so much To better and more thriving and make Atlanta even more beautiful place, please, you don't need all police officers just need better, more fulfilled happy community members. That's going to make everyone safer. Thank you.

My name is Jennifer Smith. And my request is simple. I would like the police department to be have their funds decreased, I would I do not support the 5% increase that you've posed while trying to decrease the public school system budget. I believe that you need to take as much money away from the police as possible. Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Good morning. My name is Gail Burnett. I am 63 years old and I have lived in the city of Atlanta for the last 22 years. I'm calling because I am deeply concerned about What I see happening in the city, about the traumatization that is taking place in our community, especially among against black people. I know that this is a part of systemic racism. And I'm expecting the City Council and the mayor to do the work of dismantling systemic racism at the city level. This is this is the time of historically low crime rates. And yet, we still see black men and women being harassed by police dying at the hands of police is unconscionable and it's unnecessary. And so I'm asking them for the fiscal year 2021 budget that we cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50%. defund the Atlanta city detention center, and we reinvest the money in the re entry programs low income housing and other services that our citizens need so, so badly. I mean, there are people who, especially given the pandemic are just in dire straits, and we're watching people get shot because they fell asleep in the parking lot in Wendy's. This is just not good enough. The way we treat one another in this city is just not good enough. There's a lot that the city council can do, and I expect the budget to reflect it. Thank you so much. Again, my name is Gail Burnett
Keisha Dorn I am in support of defunding the police. Gentlemen grabbing on I am requesting that our budget was directed towards our community and the police and the police budget is way too large in the city freaking severely and you can invest more in that community.

Yes, Hello, good morning. This is Ben Dover on CNBC, Ben Delta. I'm calling to demand that you guys defund the Atlanta police department, or at least some of the $217.6 million that you dispersed or proposed for the police budget. You guys are out in your mind. Okay, you guys are out of your mind. Now. You guys need to go and put some of that money into grabbing community development, as well as public defenders and parks and RECs. You understand? Police does not need to and $217 million just to shoot innocent people. You crazy. Okay.
Hi, my name is Lucy Bradley. I live in to the council district six in kemah. Park and I'm calling because I want to push my concerns about police killings and excessive use of force of black citizens. As the home of the civil rights movement, we should be leading on policing and criminal criminal justice reforms not responding to yet another killing. Black men in our city. black communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people by those who are supposed to protect them. Racism is a threat to public health, health and safety, we can do better in Atlanta. We're living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city. Please don't prevent crime to respond to it. So we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resources they need, rather than continuing to fund the police force to respond to crime that is knowledge. Given this, I'm asking for the fiscal year 2021 that we cut the budget for Atlanta Police Department 50% defund the Atlanta city detention center, reinvest state's money in reentry programs, low income housing and other social services. Thank you for listening and please know the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in history.
Yes. Hi, good morning. My name is Vanessa winterly. I'm calling to ask that the budget be divided more to invest in the community, the amount of money that is budgeted for the police department. If you went and ridiculously unnecessary investment in the community, so many problems can be prevented. And that's what we need right now is to be preventative, not reactive, especially in harmful ways. So, I think it'll show that people are ready to make a difference for the betterment of everyone in the community, not simply to protect the police department whenever they have any wrongdoing. We need to come together as a society and be proactive, not reactive. So please, take that into consideration and good luck we'll be watching and listening and learning that things can change and get better and not to stay the same and continue to emigrate.
This is Donald Trump calling and just want to say that y'all need to defund the police. Absolutely defund the police. that's necessary. So rude. So hold on 17 million, that's just way too much. Cut down to $500,000. to police. Let's go ahead and put a 200 million into grants and community development. And let's say go ahead and put the rest of the parks and RECs soundbar right.
Hi, my name is Mary Colonel, I'm a resident in little five points in Atlanta. And I would just like to express that I really hope in the budget considerations today that y'all really shift up, how much funding you are giving the police and give far more towards social services and community support programs. If I really think that that will be a much better use of our money, and to put resources towards agencies and programs that are supportive and use de escalation tactics, and actually have the training to manage some of the crisis situations that our police currently mismanaged, would really make me very proud to be an Atlanta citizen. So I would love to be able to say that our city took a stand and put our money where our mouth was to show that we care about our community, and that we're not just, you know, being bullied in copier longer than 12 minutes. So I really hope that you'll take this into consideration and that I can see some good news when the budget report comes out. Thank you so much.
APD's some of the most crooked police officers that I've ever encountered in my life. How dare you guys give them 217 in Dallas, for what? Or what? You tell me whether you toured in $17 million. You're out of your mind. I demand that you guys define the Atlanta Police Department immediately. That's my should be used for city and its people that is bullies and brutalized. 
Hi, my name is Nikita Mackenzie. I'm contacting you today to request a divestment in the police force. In the last week, two week, three week year, we have seen so many lives lost or permanently altered because at the hands of the police, it is too much. We understand clearly that by investing in our communities, we will decrease the need for police and yet it's not being done. If you want safer streets, invest in the community. Invest in invest in people when you invest in people. They do Better they provide to the occasion. When you invest in the police, you signal to those people that they do not matter. And when people feel like they do not matter, they are liable to do anything, events from the police. In the agent Corona, we are all dealing with the pandemic, it makes no sense to not invest in the people who have lost the most and those are the people in these communities that are lacking funding. I need Keyshia bottom to do what is right not only in her role, but in her heart. I see when she sees this painter. She wants to know what she can do. She can be back in the police force is she and you and everyone listening to this message working in public service is truly for the public. Then you will take the money that is now being allocated in the 2021 budget for police and take money away from it to invest in the complete community. If you want to feel safer when you walk outside. If you don't want anyone to come To your storefront in take some if you don't want a rampant crime, we will do our best to invest in our country. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your service. I pray that you do the right thing.
Hello, this is Kia Casey Fox, a resident of county calling to demand that we work to defund the police. And we do that right away. Start funding what is necessary in the black community. Defund the police. Defund the police. We have way too much funding going towards the police and not going towards community change of imbalance is going to be raesha Brooks. You guys have blood on your hands. You guys are the reason why these officers are killing innocent black people, because you guys are handing out $200 million budget. Like it's nothing. You guys, you're the one you guys are the real killers.
My name is Bernie killingsworth. And I want to request that job give a lot more money to the communities than supposed to and $17.6 million right now because if you keep investing in police as much as you do and you don't invest in community, the need for policing will remain in the community. policing will go down. So let's shift the order and Put at least half of that budget of 78 million more than that towards community so that communities can be rebuilt and improved unless policing will be necessary. And instead invest in community policing and invest in health care for people in mental health care for people and education for people so that everybody gets the same opportunity. Thank you.
My name is and making a comment about the breakdown of a buddy's Atlanta budget. I am extremely disappointed and I'm thinking from a millennial Gen Z perspective. To see that the police department literally has had the budget and the most underfunded program. And so grants and Community Development just speaks to how the As roadway continues to have destruction, and to continue to create a monster, which is polluted. Our generation does not want those who want to abolish it. We want you guys to take this money and put it into the humanity. We began to have people that have that are able to have access to food, access to garden, access to housing, it really doesn't take much to just make it quick. And it's just basic common sense and human decency. So to put it into the police department is going to increase the type of terror that is happening within the city right now. The big thing there, you think things are bad now, they're going to get worse, because you are basically army, a whole department that thrived from us way patrols to continue to terrorize people continued to kill People, and I know Keisha, I was on the meeting yesterday, talked about, you know, she became mayor because she wanted to help people. And I know Atlanta has a legacy of black mayors, but it does not matter. If you are a black mayor, if you're always at face value, you have to get with a new change and become more radical because this radical illness can actually end. The things that we talk about constantly. So much
of the joke that you guys are actually thinking about dispersing 270 million dollars to the Atlanta police department, incompetent Atlanta police department. These guys are a joke. I've had numerous encounters with them, and racial racial profiling. This is unheard of $200 million. The police in front of the Atlanta Police Department short books.
Good morning. My name is Akbar yungay. Did a recent like at Atlanta police defunded and some of these funds are distributed to the other areas in the community. Again, my name is art kornegay and this needs to happen as soon as possible. The police budget 670 $8 million budget we thank you.
Hello, my name is Daniel Gill chef and I live in southwest Atlanta City Council District 11 and I'm calling because I'm extremely upset about the killing police killing them. Accidents and they continue to plague the city. As a whole of the civil rights movement and the world renowned black Mecca, we should be an example of policing and criminal justice reforms, not responding to yet another killing of a black man in our city by the police, by people in the city are tired and exhausted. Our communities are in a crisis as we face repeated murders of black people by those who are supposed to protect them, among other manifestations of systemic racism that seemed to play with like extremity racism as a threat to health and safety. Now we can do better than this year, we should be able to do better than this year. We are living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city. police aren't needed in the same way that they have. Police do not need to aid in community problems, however, are constantly asked to respond and be involved in solving these issues that they are unprepared to handle. As such, we should be we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resources they need, rather than continuing to Find a police force to respond to crime that isn't happening. Given this we are asking that the fiscal year 2021 budget cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50%. defund the Atlanta city detention center and reinvent saved money and reentry programs, low income housing and other social services. Thank you for listening to me and please know The world is watching us and your decisions at this crucial moment in history. Thank you for your time again.
Please defund the police.
and Matera I live in Grand Park in city council district number one. I'm calling because I become aware that the city's upcoming budgeting plans for the next fiscal year increased Atlanta PD budget at the expense of other social services. I see this as a vast miscarry miscarriage of funds. The Atlanta Police Department like all the departments around our nation are inherently white supremacist institutions that are inherently racist even if the cops within them are not. That's the way they were founded and that's the way they were intended to work. And we've seen this week as black men have gotten more oppressed This is not a new issue. This has been an issue that has been a stubborn one for decades, and one has been resistant to the best of reforms in cities like Atlanta and elsewhere. So it is irresponsible for the City Council to continue to fund an increased funding for such an institution that does not you know, a huge portion of the city's population During the commit to the council commit to cutting funding for APD and fly by 50% and the Atlanta detention center and reallocate those unspent funds to social services that we know actually improve the health and well being of our community, mental health services, education services and housing services.
Hello, my name is Vaughn Glidden. I'm calling the citizen of Atlanta to express my concern about the funding of the current budget for police, the community and Manning that you say that in the thing and that you invest more money into social services and help communities rather than please work with communities and make all of us better. Be some employees and invest When many inefficient services and
My name's Shalonda Tallinn, and I'm calling because I wanted to warn a lot of money on film and police departments, we would like is to be invested in our community. We see a lot of things going on. We see a lot of things that's happening with the police department. And, you know, instead of investing, you know, million million dollars, who might see in our community helping out once again, my name is shawanda. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Tommy decarlo. I'm a resident of the old Fourth Ward neighborhood in Atlanta and I'm just having a difficult time understanding why we're watching our police department kill unarmed black men and still choosing to raise the budget even though the research would show that everything that we're going to ask them to do is not going to result in the desired effect of helping our citizens. We're just trying to put a larger bandaid on a systemic problem. So if we're not going to make informed decisions, then it doesn't seem to me like there's people that deserve to be in the office. On the same note, right, the police department is getting more money. But other community services are receiving less money as well as a substantial CUT TO OUR Atlanta public schools, of which I need to buy my own supplies in order to ensure the success of my students while the police department receives more money For doing a lackluster job, something needs to be done. Thank you.
My name is Reggie Rodriguez. I would like to divest the Atlanta police department. I feel like all that fun shouldn't be going to just the police department. Like, I think everybody deserves the same equal amount of funding. And we do. It just does not right. Like that stuff should be given to the people by the safety of the public roads, education. They should do this for the future like for the kids, like, come on. Like, they're gonna be the ones later on, like, trying to change something in like the future to be in better hands. Other than like, like, I don't, I don't I just don't understand that embrace my heart. I can't believe like people like our leaders are like the ones deciding like where the money should go. It's like coming from hard working Americans.
Yes, my name is Susan Higgins and I'm calling to comment about your budget meaning that you're having today. I really believe that you're giving way too much money to the police. There are people in Atlanta that benefit from more community services. There are people that need job training, job placement. There are children that need activities, ensure the education system could use the money. Please reconsider how you're consuming in Atlanta. No need to continue giving money to an organization that is easily constantly killing black people. Please reconsider how you are redistributed the budget We consider how the police system is. What can we do differently to think differently about the police? What can we do to help the police with their mental health issues and their PTSD? Why are they killing people so easily? This has to be a mental health issue. They clearly aren't mindful. Watching that car chase down the shore the other day, was quite ridiculous. For someone who's drunk was unnecessary. That was all ego. had that man had made the mindfulness training. Maybe he was, oh, let me calm down. And he's really matter if that means running, let him know. You're trying to go anybody know pretty well at home? Yeah. We need police officers to be able to be a little bit more compassionate and empathetic with the public that they're servicing, but they're supposed to protect. We need empathy and mindfulness. So how can we perhaps distribute those funds And we would like each of you to show us some of that money towards a new way of rethinking the police, please. sending our officer now armed for small things such as someone sweeping.
Hi, my name is felon arrestee and a county residents. I understand that you guys have a budget meeting today starting at 10am. And I'm under the understanding that 217.6 million of our 670 $8 million budget will be going to the Atlanta police department. Although I don't think we should fully defund the police as I think they're necessary entity in our society. I do think that that is an astronomical number to be giving to a department that has no reform at this time. I think we need to give more of that money to the community and into the Fulton County system to make our communities better. And again, I don't think we should take the full amount away from the police department. However, I think that that number is much too high and more needs to be put into education and the community. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day. I hope that the budget numbers go down in that aspect and up in the community aspect. Thank you so much.
Good morning. My name is Tony Lewis, a longtime Atlanta resident, just looking over the budget for 2021 to see that funding is way way above things such as a grant and community development grants and community development, public defender, ethics board, citizens Review Board, city planning, Parks and Rec. I mean it's not even close. I mean, they just have a huge, huge budget and that's one of the main problems. colors. blues are oversaturated in neighborhoods of color and the only color that seems to matter is green. You know, they just continue to get funding no matter how many people they assault, how many people they put in the hospital, community, these police officers with these horrendous records that continue to just stay on to the department without any sort of free course. Police killing after killing after killing up Atlanta citizens all over the state of Georgia, but particularly the city that I live in. I would just like to see that money go back to the community for once. And this budget needs to be adjusted big time. This is a very serious matter. And I hope and pray that the city gets busy. It's been a long time coming. I hope that this is the beginning of a new change, divesting from the police department investing back into the communities to where the people can be impacted more positively.
Hello, my name is Chris shell. I may And I would like to leave a comment regarding the police budget. I am in favor of redirecting to communities that are underserved. And reallocating. But then the police department. My phone number is 770815924. Thank you for taking my comments.
My name is Nick baby paste I'm calling it already. fund reallocation, also known as the fund police. Currently, you guys have a large amount of money coming out. The police department apparently sees a large amount of money and it looks like you guys are paying on giving one third of what's been allocated or slightly under one third of what's been allocated The general fund budget to the police department. The Atlanta area does not need more police funding in the community services. It needs people who can show up and de escalate issues not escalate. Currently our police are trained in, in war techniques into the escalation. We are not at war in a community of peace in St. Louis, we should be treated at all times unless we are bringing violence. There is no reason to have people policing people instead of caring for them and they're supposed to they're supposed to be here to serve and to protect. And currently there is suffering for a long time, not just currently. I'm not blaming anyone, police officers, it's not the issue. There are many good ones the issue is it is also corrected from its basic core and it doesn't do its job posting and it's also thinned out. We don't call the fire department to to do things besides put on fire or For the EMTs everyone has a specific job. We need to do the same thing in Atlanta. Instead of having the police run around and do everything. People with mental illnesses should not be addressed by the police. They are not equipped for it. They are not trained for it. They are trained to kill we need the escalation. Please think about this. Please reallocate the funding to help the community not to harm them. Thank you so much.
Angela Berkeley. I am calling because Mayor bottoms needs to refigure that police number of two points as give me 217.6 million for police funding. We need to divest the police department they are killing black and brown people. They are using excessive force and we cannot tolerate it. They're throwing tear gas, which is affecting the health of the whole community and not thinking twice about it. We need action.
My name is Adam plus, I've lived in Candler Park and Kirkland for the past 10 years, I would demand that we invest our fun into the community rather than the police department. Thank you so much.
I'm calling about the budget hearing today. I would like Mayor bonds to defund the bullies, and reallocate the money to grants and community development. The citizens review board at the EPA, the public defender city planning, and Parks and Rec. Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hi, my name is Riley Lerner and I live in Piedmont Heights city council district number six. I'm calling because I'm very upset about the police killing about citizens, including in the city of Atlanta. As the home of the civil rights movement, we should be leading on policing and criminal justice reform. Instead of responding to yet another black killing in our city. black communities are traumatized by repeated murders. Black people are those who are supposed to protect them and other manifestations of systemic racism. Racism is a threat to health and safety. And I know we can do better than this in Atlanta. We are in a time of historically low crime rates in the city of Atlanta, and history and statistics prove that police do not prevent crime right now they're responding to crime. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will further prevent crime in the future by supporting communities with resources they need, rather than continuing to fund the police force to respond to crime. That isn't happening. Given this, we are asking for the fiscal year 2021 budget. Want a cut of the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50% to defund the Atlanta city detention center, and to reinvest state money in reentry programs low income housing. and other social services. Thank you for listening and know that the world is watching your decision but this crucial moment in our history.
Hello, my name is Alex Eisenberg. I was in the Edgewood neighborhood. I'm calling today because I'm not happy with the conduct of the Atlanta police department. Especially recently. I think their actions have been particularly alarming. Seeing those two college kids pulled from that car was honestly really heartbreaking. As someone who just got out of college themselves, I could never imagine getting stopped by the police pulled out of my car having my window broken. So I thought that was particularly horrendous. I would like to see at least some call of action to this. I think that there needs to be more accountability. And I think that that starts from the top we see Council in the city budget. I'd like to see Atlanta police department's budget cut at least in half. I don't think that any amount of training or reform can really help such a broken system. Instead of funding people who respond to crimes, I think that we should fund programs that would be better preventing crimes. So, I'd like to see some of that money go into low income housing, health and social services. I think that would be a much better use of city funding, and also to Atlanta public schools. I feel like this is one of the most important times to take action. And just know that Atlanta city government has a real opportunity to make some substantial change. And I think, you know, just
My name is Robert Kennedy. This I'm a citizen of a Atlanta, and I see the proposed budget has upwards of 250 million dollars going to police for the year 2021. I'd like to see that money being invested more usefully in our city in our community, schools, grants and community development. That's nearly a third, if not more of the budget for the city. And I don't think more weapons and more police and nicer cars or whatever kind of equipment that can buy is really going to do anything for us to be especially in the midst of everything going on. I think that we should seriously consider putting that money in. The name is Robert Cassavetes again in the city of Atlanta, a citizen of Atlanta, Georgia. Thank you.
My name is Frank Thompson. We the People of Atlanta demand divest from the Atlanta police department and invest into the community.
My name is Denise combs I am calling regarding the city budget or the proposed city budget for the upcoming fiscal year. As you know we are having issues with our Atlanta police department. I live in zone three. I think it is important to be fun the police. I think that I believe that our city council person, Joyce shepherd who has been an effective in the last 16 years. She is misinformed. She doesn't understand what defunding the police means. I believe that there are other services, obviously, that are sorely in need of funding that we could use other than the Atlanta police that has turned into a terrorist group. Please consider that. Thank you.
Hello, this is Autumn Rivers from Atlanta. The council I'm calling on you today to divest from the police invest in community strategies or care education. I'm calling on you to reinvest that money for foster youth. I'm calling on you to reallocate that money for nutritious food guarantee to make sure that the needs of formerly incarcerated people are met as they continue to face discrimination. City Council, I'm calling on you to act with bravery and courage today to service the victory that we desperately desperately need to keep our people safe. Communities over cages, treat them all for public health and divest from toxic prisons invest in nutritious food for all communities, including incarcerated communities. And police fire a lot of these police, we all lost their jobs, like a lot of us have lost a job that would not be the end of the world. If you're listening to this, quit your job. That's all I have to say thank you for your time.
Hi, my name is JT tomorrow and I am a Georgia citizen living in Atlanta. I'm calling to demand that the city council respect the demands of black organizations and to inform the police and to close the city detention. The funds that would go to those should be distributed to the black community organization to the city and social services like a digitally funded public schools, Atlanta that also includes Fulton County Schools. After watching the city police commit literal war crimes during protest and their refusal to recognize the rights of those arrested at the protest. I do not feel that getting the police more ammunition literal or figurative as an effective de escalation tactics. I am also calling to demand that the city council should include the demands of the Unite Here local 23 in their discretion to protect airport employees for them furloughs because Atlanta economy depends on Hartsfield Jackson employees also demand that there be a moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments a moratorium on arrests for minor offenses and an immediate investment in emergency housing. The homeless population has been completely overlooked in many other decisions made to the city. But more so recently because of the pandemic. Thank you.
My name is Vaughn Glidden. I'm calling to ask you to reduce the police budget and the police and to invest that money in community and community services that actually serve the community and better the community. Thinking about it, and you know, Atlanta has such a strong history in the civil rights movement, such an amazing black leadership and history of black leadership. And just, it's just an incredible city for people of color for black people for everybody. And wouldn't it be amazing to be the city That really leaves as an example in the country of what defending the police look like and what serving communities could be and how to lift the black communities up and to a better place. I mean, obviously, there's so many black people here in Atlanta that are thriving and doing well, but they still have to deal with this. And then there are communities living in poverty and suffering in bed school districts and high crime areas. And there's gotta be a better way and it would be so appropriate and amazing in Atlanta was the city that really took advantage of this moment for change. became a leader in what the rest of the country could do and what it could look like and how you can make these changes. Is their community and have a thriving? I know the city council is invested in the success of this city and I know that you all will take these messages to her and make good decisions that are going to serve the community.
My name is Michael moon. I'm the resident of the city of Atlanta. I just wanted to call it a request that we look into reallocating some resources into the Atlanta police department to some degree. I know all this is happening in a quick manner, but it's a serious issue, of course. But yes, I do want to request that we defend the place. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Ron, you're and I'm in town. I'm calling to ask the Atlantic Council to defend the police and better use that money to Efforts go towards decriminalizing poverty in the city. I think the money spent on police departments would be better spent addressing problems that can cause crime. Whether that's transit housing. Mayor bottoms mentioned that the one we said was set on fire. It was in a food desert. And I think incentives are funding the police are giving more giveaways to developers. The city should come together and create things like city owned grocery stores or provide incentives for grocery stores like Publix or Kroger to enter the area. So I'm just calling and hopes that the city council considers giving more assistance to people needed instead of the Atlanta police department. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Keller Williams I am calling to demand that near bottoms invest more money into African American communities and community project. Entrepreneurship rather than putting the money into the police department that are killing African American people, we demand that we transition that money that we divert that money somewhere else. Thank you.
My name is Yvette Carbone Thompson, Atlanta lead organizer with the black Alliance for justice, immigration bodging I am calling the city of Atlanta combat that money from over police in our community and invest the money into the community and to the people and to the services and resources that are needed for people to survive with dignity. They do not need over policing. So he's got that money from over policing and in Is the money, the resources that are needed for the communities.
Hey, my name is Santo you guys are spending way too much money on the police and said that money should be directed towards our communities and I demand a change now. My name my name is Ashley. I am a citizen of District pain. I'm represented by Andrea boom. I am calling this morning regarding the proposed budget for 2021. I believe that in light of all of the recent events, we would like to see more money being redistributed to other areas of the Atlanta budget that can assist with the community and taken away so much law enforcement. Some of these areas could even include public defenders and we had so much money going towards law forcement Mayor Keisha bottoms did in the cash bail bonds and that's a great thing. And now another step can be taken to increase even a need for public defenders. Atlanta is a great city. We see these problems happening in other cities and I think that Atlanta can lead the way. And I think that we have the power to make that change today. reallocating and redistributing so that they can be put towards more community and health based initiatives and apartments. Thank you nice

Johan loanwords. I am calling because I am encouraging please please, please, for the City Council and for the mayor to divest from the police department. The budget that is on the line is just way too much $217 and point $6 million in only 300 13,000 is going towards grants and community development. There has to be a flip on that there has to be a change. So I'm pushing to divest in the police department defund the police department and invest into the communities. There are so many great organizations in the city of Atlanta, that is doing grassroots work. That is empowering our people from homelessness to you at risk. And in a lot of this money needs to be going towards people that are already doing community policing. And the police department as you already have seen for several years now, even fire to Mayor bottoms, but even with Mayor bottoms, the police have been going broke. They're not even you know, and they're getting paid too much money for them to not do the right thing. They're not doing the right thing. So even though the 21st century Obama policing has Just had been fired by executive order. That doesn't mean more money to the police department. There needs to be a completely divest the fund the police department, and then get the money towards organizations that are doing amazing work in the city of Atlanta. Thank you so much.
Hi, my name is Carly Johnston. I'm calling in regards to the budget meeting today demanding that you take the millions of dollars that you're planning on putting towards the police department and you reinvest it in the community. Again, calling in to the budget meeting today demanding that Mayor bottom invest all the millions of dollars that we're planning on going to the police department be redistributed to the public and the community.
Hi, my name is Connor Bryan and I live in West Midtown Atlanta, Georgia. I'm calling because I'm upset about Please join me at the home of the civil rights movement on policing and criminal justice reform, not responding to yet another feeling of a black man in our city by ugly black communities and traumatized by black people, those who are supposed to detect them, among other varieties of systemic racism is a threat to health and safety. I know we can do better than this. However, right now we're living at a time of historically low crime rates in the city. Police don't necessarily prevent crime, they respond, and sometimes it can questionable success. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities that they need, rather than continue to fund the police force to respond to crime that isn't happening. Given this announcement of the fiscal year 2021 budget. Cut the budget for Atlanta police department by 50%. defund the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest Dave's money and reentry program. Low Income Housing and other social services. Thank you for listening and please know the world is watching. Now, follow what you do. And you
I would like you to invest more in documentary then into police.
Hello everyone and thank you for listening to my message. My name is Andrew McFarlane and I'm a resident of Councilmember Brown. I love being from Atlanta and I love being from a southern city whose greatest strength is truly is diversity. The time has come for this council to serve the diverse people of the city. We are all aware of the ecml of policing in America. times company has counseled to reject city of Atlanta leading support for institutionalized slavery via the prison industrial complex. And the time has come for this council to dismantle the police state. It aims to uphold financial interests. subjecting our own people to elected fear. Black and Brown lens, literally live reality in which they must actively try not to simply disappear one day. That is not freedom. I'm recommending and pleading the council to reject the current budget proposal which aims to continue to invest in fear as support revisions that invest our future to our schools, through our support for the homeless, through a reallocation of funds into specializes on teams actually meant to protect and serve. Just For starters, I recommend the council study the list of recommendations submitted to them from the NAACP of Georgia, the southern Center for Human Rights, and many other local advocacy organizations. I'm sure the memo is on our desks. I sincerely hope the council will hear the overwhelming outrage over the proposed budget and do the right thing for the people of Ghana. Thank you so much for your time
My name is Fabian and I'm calling to make a comment. And they can only be listed. I'm covering many issues that exist in society. I believe in the forming the structure of public safety in the city of Atlanta can begin by providing more resources called mental wellness for the people who are now creating loss of life and the future that they envision for themselves. I hope the city council consists in mind as the world beyond yet another on black men killed by police. treating people like animals in a cage reminding people the capacity of creativity involved in this type of evolution. And actually common I don't really see necessarily increasing budget for the police department by 5%. I think it would be better invested in in any out of departments that are fully working with the communities or environment. Thank you. Have a great morning.
My name is Jane hire I live in Fulton County. I want to call about the budget meeting being held today. I saw that there's $217.6 million being proposed to the Atlanta police department which already has 670 million dollars in funding. I wanted to call and urge Mayor Keisha Lance bottoms to please reallocate that funding to other more unnecessary departments. Thank you very much.
Hi, my name is Jade Edwards and I'm calling to demand that the The budget or the police cut substantially and that more money be spent on helping and supporting and investing in the communities that make up Atlanta. The police, police it and kill people with little regard to their duty to protect and serve. Frankly, I think the police should receive a very small amount of money and millions upon millions of dollars that they have wasted and use for murder for years in the past. So cut that budget right on down maybe 10% of what you are going to give them and spread that money to things that are productive and positive and actually help people and the community and grow it in positive way. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Monica de Christina. I am a practicing therapist and mother of three in Atlanta. I am a longtime Atlanta citizen. I would like to add my voice to those that are demanding that money be invested into the community and taken from the Atlanta police department and instead invested into the community. We would like to asset this be considered at today's budget meeting. Thank you very much.
Lorraine fantana. I live in the city of Atlanta. I am a 73 year old white woman who wants to support the alliance of community that is asking to defund a PD and reallocate resources to alter defund and demolish the AC DC and to continue to push for more justice for some of the young black folks that have been killed by police officers in Atlanta. It seems clear from many, many, many decades and especially of current events that police culture and police training have gone in a totally disastrous direction militarization. Looking at people on the street as your enemies immediately, especially if they're black or brown. So I am for asking that and no funds be put into further phones be put into police department That those funds slowly be moved to community service institutions and functions that the ACDC which promised would be shut down, nothing and that instead we work on building Atlanta as a place for community justice and serious looking.
My name is Miss Cali and I commend that the Atlanta Police Department have some diversity. This is a call to action. We demand that you have more diverse police officer. We are done dying. We need diversity officers. We need change and if not, you will see what happens. We will vote you out.
Hello, my name is Aaron fender and I live in the neighborhood the nation health and capital equipment before. I'm calling you this I'm really upset about police killings of black defense. Now I was growing up, I lived in the hunter hills neighborhood and I remember Catherine Johnson's murder in the hands of APD when I was young, and I remember just not even comprehending how that could be possible to a sweet old woman. And this has been an old problem. Needless to say, black communities are traumatized by repeatedly having to see these murders of black people by those who are supposedly protecting and serving them. I think about the case with Rashard, and there are so many other avenues to take, like helping walk him home, calling his sister who lived around the corner and asking her if she can help make sure that he got home safely. That's what serving and protecting looks like killing unarmed African American men and women. All ages is not serving and protecting. We're living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city, please don't prevent crime pick that they don't solve it. As such, we really like we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent crime in the future, by supporting communities with the resources they need, rather than continuing to fund a police force to respond to a crime that isn't happening. My call to action as an informed citizen and as a constituent and proud Venetian hills neighbor, is that we're asking as a community that the fiscal year 2021 budget would be cut for the Atlanta police department by 50% to defund the Atlanta city detention center and to reinvest that community and other reentry programs, low income housing and in for listening, and please know that the world is watching your decisions at this crucial time in history, believing I need to do the right thing.
Hello, my name is Xavier Robertson. I represent the national malaria community. Let's talk about the different police phones that are currently being out I'm currently requesting NASA funding to repeat the polluters. We advocate the little finances for programs that have worked in the past and explore programs that help us find jobs within the lower income community and help. And as an adult, like to create beta programs, and regular communities so that as a whole, and these can be as a whole, each community can heal long term by having kids who have done within the police department and then become part of the police department. We also like to incentivize residential policing, deterring that the people that are from the area or belief area and it will be more familiar and we also elected, more residential boardwalks, people new policemen come in and they talk with and they walk with Okay, and walk with a single droplet and walk with everybody around. Therefore there will be a better better sense of community is to heal long term the minority and judicial branches.
My name is Pedro Rob. Coming back it's equals zero and below the different types of demands I would like to see for city council before they give you a lovely
morning, my name is Natalia Rodriguez, I'm a resident of choice with park in the city of Atlanta. I am calling because I would like to divert from from the police, ADP to either development for Parks and Recreation and infrastructure related to the beltline or Atlanta public school system. I don't think that a budget of 14 1314 million for ATP is necessary and those funds could be diverted to public works that would help the infrastructure of the entire city. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Megan McQueen, and I'm calling to request that you defund the police and have additional funding to social needs. Rather than the terrorizing the police in your budget looks to be extremely unbalanced in that way, and I would hope that you would work to fix them and correct us. Thanks so much.
Hi, my name is Elisa Armstrong and I am quite disgusted with happening within my city. I demand a change. I demand to see more diversity within your department, especially in the police department and the commissioner's office. We demand to see more black people and lead positions so we are not murdered in the streets anymore. Thank you very much. Please do fund the police. The police can police the community with more compassion. We cannot keep having people die at the hands of the police. For more All fractions should be alive for today.
Hi, my name is Bridget cavaletti. And I'm calling about the Atlanta city budget this year. The police department is getting entirely too much money, our public works. Our citizens, our people in need are getting absolutely nothing. And I voted so that you could have a penny tax that fix the sewers, which we said we were going to have done in 2015. Like I remember that campaign wouldn't happen every time I love by a manhole It smells like feces. We can. This is ridiculous. And you're given 218 million dollars to the police department. And luckily a third or fourth of that, excuse me is going into our public works. They everybody else combined doesn't get as much money as it has to stop.
Good morning. Hi. Calling because I've been informed that the city of Atlanta budget meetings today. And if that point you'll be discussing, providing 216 million dollars of the city's budget for funding the police. I think in light of what's going on, it would be more prudent to put that money towards rebuilding the community rather than policing it. And I strongly urge you to listen to the words the people on this, and if not, what's going on will continue to go on is Ariela and I'm going to demand that Mayor autumns invest more into the communities and into policing them. Thank you.

Hi, my name is Anna Gonzalez. I am an active voter and Atlanta resident. I was calling to voice my opposition to the budget increase for the NPD that money could be much better spent. Building a better Marta building better infrastructure, better roads for the city, pouring some of that money into the public defender budget or mental health services for the city. I do not understand why the MPD an increase of $13 million when they already are the highest. They already have the highest budget out of all of the Atlanta necessities. So I wholeheartedly oppose this budget increase and my budget will absolutely reflect the officials who stand with me on this opposition. Thank you so much.
Hello. Today I live in city council district seven and I'm calling in very concerned about the episodes of police brutality in Atlanta. We should be leading with new criminal justice reform. Not responded to yet another black man who shot by police. Why communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people by those who are supposed to protect them among other manifestations of a destructive public health. We know we can do better. You're living in a time of historically low crime rates. The police do not prevent crime to respond. The question was the opportunity to invest in programs and services that present future crime and supporting communities with the resources they need, rather than continuing to fund the police to respond to crime that is happening in their fiscal year 2021. budget. One cut the budget for Atlanta police department at 50% to defund the Atlanta city detention center, and three reinvest the same money into anti program. Well income housing, and all other social services to truly uplift and empower And therefore prevent crime. Thank you for listening and watching your decision. Thank you.
Hello, my name is john paul Floyd. I live in the city of Atlanta. And I believe that the budget this year has too much money allocated to the police department. We have other areas that could be well served with a good bit of funding, such as School of Public Health, her transportation infrastructure, and many other programs that could use money to actually make people's lives better, versus the police, who tend to make them worse. So, please consider my opinions and ideas. Well, coming up with your budget. Thank you.
Good morning. My name is Olivia Kleinman. I haven't been. I have been a resident of Fulton County for the last 25 years. And I'm calling because I'm very upset about police killings of black people in our home. Atlanta is the home of the civil rights movement. And we should not be leaning on policing and criminal justice abolition not responding to yet another chilling of a black man in our city, I believe, now is when we need to make tangible change. black communities are traumatized by repeat murders of black people, by those who are supposed to be protecting them, among other manifestations of systematic racism. Racism is a threat to the health and safety of our home and we can do better than this. And Atlanta. We're living in a time of stores the low crime rates in the city, which is an amazing accomplishment. The police, however, do not prevent crime. They are crime responders. And as such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resources that they need, rather than continuing to fund a police force to respond to a crime that isn't happening. Given this, you're asking that the fiscal year 2021 budget one cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50%. Given this we're asking that the fiscal year 2021 budget one cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50% to defund the Atlanta city detention center in three reinvests saved money re entry.
Hi, my name is Jasmine battlin. And for this budget we're going to grant in community development and that the police budget is way too much. And we should put that money back into the community in other areas.
Hi, my name is Sasha material. I'm an Atlanta resident. I'm calling in regards to the $678 million budget. And notice that the police budget 217 million articles that demand that we allocate these funds to other organizations in the community such as Parks and Rec, or the brain community citizenship, citizens review board and board but I demand that the police budget decreased from 217 million thanks, bye
Hi, my name is Lauren. I'm calling from Natalie Archibald district district like Atlanta, I am calling on you in the city council to take the following actions in light of all of the recent events and take steps to actually make a positive change in our community. I'm asking that we do find APD and reallocate those resources to departments that could actually benefit from them to fund and manage the jail that AC DC remains open $18 million is allocated to it for the currently for the fiscal year 2021 which is unacceptable. Mayor Lance bottom has promised to close that and then also justice for the people who are killed by the police department wherever To charge a firearm in charged APD officers who killed a Christian hurricane and beyond drugs, and then have game that former police chief and to shield your emotions. And you.
morning, my name is Claudia miles and I'm an educator in Atlanta. And I'm reaching out because I'm very concerned about what is going on in our city, in particular, the lack of funding for education. And so when I take a look at this proposed budget for this upcoming year, I noticed that there is an abundance of funds being allocated for police and things of that nature. And I would much rather see those funds go towards community grants, much rather see them funds go towards education, but I think oftentimes we are defund. Education and allocating far too many funds into my police services. And so when I looked at last year's budget, the police were over funded, they were the one category in which was funded most. And I would love to see a reversal of that that money put back into schools, community programs, grants and things that would actually uplift Atlanta as a whole in terms of the people in the students that it is serving. I just wanted to make sure that I called in and express my concern, because again, I think funding should be funneled into the students and into the community rather than into police conference. Thank you. Have a great day. 
Hello, my name is Kelsey brioche and I live in district six in Atlanta, Georgia, and I'm calling because I'm very upset about the police killings of black people. As the home of the civil rights movement. It is the duty of the people governing this city to create just in laboratory policy. Instead you have been complacent and allowed the murder of another black person. To a curb with a sharp Brooks this weekend. Communities are traumatized by the repeated murders of black people by police officers among many other manifestations of systemic racism. Racism is a threat to health and safety. We know we can do better than this. We're living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city. Please do not prevent crime. They respond and with questionable success. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services such as our education system that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resources they need. That continuing department police force to respond to a crime that isn't happening. Given this. We are asking that fiscal year 2020 budget for you guys to cut the budget for Atlanta police department by 50% defund ACDC reinvest the money in reentry programs, which have housing, mental health programs, and other social services such as COVID response relief Thank you for listening. And please know that the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in history. As we make the right decision, you end up on the right side of history.
Hi, this is Melissa Lerner. I'm a resident of Atlanta city and my is with the budget. The budget for the police will be cut less money and that money would be we allocated to a reimagining of what first response looks Thai looks like in situations, such as in domestic violence situations, and places where the police would not need to would not need to be so. Thank you a reallocation to reimagine ation of what first response looks like for our city.
Hi, my name is a DSO. Some I'm calling because I like to demand that the mayor invest more money into communities in the into the police. Police really don't need $217.6 million when everything else in your ci is going to shift.
Hi, my name is Alexis Elena. I am a constituent and a resident in Atlanta. And you know right now we have the opportunity to really be the leader that we say we are when it comes to racial justice, equality and progress. For years in Atlanta, we talked about being black America and the civil rights hotspot, but we're not and The people that are asking you or begging you, they're screaming in the streets, crying for you to make changes for you to see funds of police to reallocate those funds and to community services, and into other services that will help young people that will help all sorts of people and keep them out of jail and prison. And you as our leaders have the opportunity right now, to do that. And to make that change, we have nothing to lose and we could be a leader in this nation that is so desperately in need of a bold change of direction, we can be that bold change. If you leave this office today and you have not reallocated millions and millions of dollars from our police department, then you should know that you are not working for the people of Atlanta. You're working for the police union. You're working for yourself. You are not a public servant. Please make The change that we are all begging you to make and less than be a better Atlanta, but I know that we can be. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Aaron fender and I live in condition hills and to the Constitution number four. And I'm calling because I'm very excited about the police killings of black citizens as the home of the civil rights. We should be leading on policing criminal justice reforms, not responding to yet another killing of black men in our city by police. black communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people, but those are supposed to protect them among other manifestations of racism. Racism is a threat to health and safety. We know we can do better than this in Atlanta, or you're living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city. The police do not prevent crime they respond, it was questionable at best. As such, we should take the opportunity to set some programs out there that will prevent teacher crime by supporting communities with the resources they need rather than continuing to fund a police force to respond to crime. isn't happening. Given this we are asking that the fiscal year 2021 budget, cut the budget for the APD by 50% to fund the Atlanta state detention center and reinvesting money in reentry programs, low income housing and other social services. Thank you for listening, please let me know. And please know the world is washing station at this crucial moment in history. Thank you.
My name is Lacey and I live in DeKalb. County, and I'm calling because I'm very upset about police killings of black citizens. Communities, they're traumatized by repeated murders of black people, and by those who are supposed to protect them, as on other manifestations of systemic racism. And additionally, we're living in a time of low historically low crime rates in the city in the region that prevented crime. They respond to it in such a way to take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities, rather than continuing to find a police force to respond to crime that isn't happening. In this. We are asking The fiscal year 21 2021 budget, cut the cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50%. defund the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest state money in reentry program, low income housing and other social services. Thank you for listening and please know the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment.
Hello, I demand that people have in Atlanta, diverse from the Atlanta police department and invest into the community. The Atlanta extension city $5 million proposed general fund budget. There is there be a meeting on today. We definitely need to be working towards doing things in a community that will help and assist people and also a member of the citizens police academy class of 2012 with the Atlanta police department, and they desperately need to be more community involvement, more things going on to the youth and young people to keep them out of trouble. So I definitely want to make sure we do not allocate those funds. Thank you so much.
My name is Chanel. Please make sure that we divert from the police department into the community. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Anna Ferguson and I'm calling to express my opinion that their proposed budget be rejected and reworked. To at the very least include such things as the complete overhaul of a PD recruitment, anti bias training, community engagement requirements. I'm requesting to reject any line item purchasing military equipment in tandem with Reviewing the citizens Review Board. I'm also requesting to adopt all of the Can't wait policies implementing zero tolerance for weapons being pulled in appropriately and to reallocate money to other line items such as the executive offices, and grants and community development. Thank you for your time.
Hi, my name is Kimmy and I am in the neighborhood of Cabbagetown challenge under Elena fit of city council. Now I'm calling today to ask you to reduce the police budget by at least half. It is extremely huge. Other budgets pale in comparison. In cabbage town here our community center is filled with malls and we have been relying on neighborhood events to try to fix it. A neighborhood should have a community center we have homeless people in our neighborhood that we would be able to serve through that committee. center as it were punching walls. Also, as an early childhood educator, I live on an extremely low wage, and our families still have to pay extremely high cost. And that is because there is no subsidy for it. And the only subsidy government says that really exists. or very few programs in Atlanta have that all children should have access to high quality education. All family should be able to put their child into quality place while they work is an extreme agent of economic mobility, to be able to have your child somewhere, to learn, to build to play, to grow relationships to become a citizen. Wow. You are working. If both parents cannot work, it is very unlikely people will be able to come out of poverty. Please please reallocate budget into community resources into education into actual productive infrastructure people have to get used to listening.
Good morning. My name is Leanne Whitley. I am a city of I'm a resident of the city of Atlanta. And you know, frankly, I just think it's a slap in the face to city of Atlanta residents to continue to reward APD with more and more money when there are people in this city that do not have access to clean water, who live in food deserts, and have children who go to underfunded schools, our infrastructure and our roads are crumbling and falling apart. And public transit is beyond meeting inexperience in our public transit is an absolute joke. And y'all want to give the police more and more money. For what, so they can take another life. The proposed budget is just absolutely absurd and it is morally incomparable. trouble to fund the police force that refuses to protect those who they work and serve and murder people in a Wendy's drive thru. Have a great day.
Hi, my name is Lacey Davis. And I'm calling today to demand that you listen to the people of Atlanta when they demand a divestment from the Atlanta police department. your department's 2021 budget should be cut by 50% not increased. That reduction should be reallocated to alternative and community based resources. Like the Department of equity diversion programs like pre arrest diversion. We ask that you do not begin the hiring process of the new chief of police until a community based council can be formed to review the AP AP the scope of work and dispersed hiring decision making power across a community Review Board. Decrease the officer to resident ratio and demilitarized APD. Through the setting of excessive use of gray gear, and lethal weapon, we after you define and demolish the AC DC jail by July 1 actually demolishing the building by September 1, and adapting and re in the reimagine ACDC Task Force policy recommendations. And we also demand justice for our people by reopening investigations and all APD killings since 2017. and developing a communal community tribunal to access use of force and take steps to hold a PDF accountable. Please listen to the people of Atlanta. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Gillian Eller and I'm calling from Reynoldstown, city council district number five. And the reason I'm calling today is Because I'm very upset about the police killings of black people in Atlanta. As the home of the civil rights movement, we should be leading on policing and criminal justice abolition, not responding to yet another killing of a black man in our city by police. Communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people by those who are supposed to protect them. Among other manifestations of systemic racism. Racism is a threat to health and safety. We know we can do better than this and Atlanta. We're living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city. The police do not provide crime, they respond to crime and with questionable success. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities. With the resources they need, rather than continuing to fund a police force to respond to crime that just isn't happening. Given this, I am asking this of the fiscal year 2021 budget. First of all, cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50%. Second of all, do you find that the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest saved money into re entry, low income housing, and other social services? Thank you for listening. And please now the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in history.
Hello, my name is Ross Mattingly and I'm calling to strongly object to the current proposed budget and doing this better budget would be one that follows the demands of black organizations to the fund the police and the close the Atlantic City city detention center. Mayor is To the mains bottoms plan to give police officers a raise in the last few weeks brutalizing protesters violating civil rights and telling someone this post that they're gonna protect is nonsensical in any other job doing the opposite of what you're supposed to get you fired, not a raise. I also think it's nonsensical to increase the blood budget of the police while cutting important services. It seems the city council would rather do violence to the people during this pandemic bend to attempt to do any good to help the city that elected you. The budget should reflect the demands of the United here local 23 to protect Hartsfield Jackson workers from furloughed and the demands of like community organizers to place a moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments, arrest for minor offenses, as well as investment in city housing for those emergency housing for those who need shelter during this pandemic, I genuinely believe doing otherwise will lead to more deaths, primarily black and poor members of our community to instead invest in violence. Been there but we'll be on your hand.
Greetings. My name is Yvette Kargbo Thompson, Atlanta lead organizer with the black Alliance for justice, immigration, RG and it is time to define the Atlanta police department and reallocate the resources. The Atlanta Police Department has failed to improve public safety and wellness and attempts to curb police violence through increased training have been ineffective.
It is it's far too long for the city of Atlanta for too long that they stood by and watch while APD has taken the lives of Atlantis. Often under questionable circumstances. It is time to invest resources into our communities into the areas that are most needed. We have teachers who have having to buy their own supplies. Yet still we have police officers who will be militarized and trained with obese ear that is unnecessary to oversee our communities. We need this money to go into the resources necessary for our community members to thrive. We need money invest into health services, versus locking people up, who have mental health, disability, and isolating them and terrorism. Finally, we need resources to go towards the community so that people have what they need. We are still facing a pandemic. Elderly needs to be protected. There should be more testing. There should be more PvP provided for people to safely be able to be out in the community.
Hello, my name is Barry green. I live in Atlanta, Georgia. I'm calling to express my suggestion and my intention for lanta city budgets to We moved away from APD and pushed into community projects. The police budget is bloated already and we've seen that the funds allocated to the police have been spent in ways that do not serve the public interest very well. We need to reinvest in our communities reinvest in services, we need to reduce the scope of the police and allow them to focus on what's priority. We need the police to not be responding to issues where they represent an escalation of force when is not needed. Again, priority here, defund the Atlanta police. We invest in community. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Kelly Christina and I am calling today because I would like you all to consider moving some money from the police budget and put it into the community. And that is really important for Atlanta and I'd like to see if the best common I definitely want to be fun or take away money from the Atlanta police department. I demand that you will invest in community into the community, Atlanta general friendship, and I don't think that a lot of that money needs to go to the police department. It definitely definitely needs to go to the community, to Pete to the city, to the people in the community be able to be in their community.
Good morning. My name is Kate and atlantan. Born and raised. I just want into, you know, echoes. Many comments I'm sure you've received, supporting, defending the police in a way that allocates funds for other social programs that actually care for the communities that the city stirs. I think that, you know, the police have been asked to do way more than they are equipped to. And instead, it makes more sense to focus that effort. folks who are trained, you know, to do to do the work that the police take it on. And this more conscious caretaking of our communities is really, really important. And there's a really excellent opportunity to do that, as you're discussing the budget, and I really appreciate your time and
Hello, my name is Alexander Weinberg. I'm a resident of Los Angeles County. I grew up in Atlanta, Georgia, and the remainder of my family still lives in Atlanta. I'm requesting that you some police funding for this year's city budget and use those funds to invest in communities, public education, parks, and other areas that benefit the community. Thank you for your time so that we can move towards a better future.
I live in Cameron Park and I'm calling because I'm very upset about police killings of black citizens as the home of the civil rights movement. We should not be leading on policing and criminal justice reform. We shouldn't be leading policing and criminal justice reforms not responding to yet another killing of a black man in our city by police. Communities are traumatized by repeated measures of black people by those who are supposed to protect them. Other manifestations of systemic racism. Racism is a health threat to health and safety. Better than this in Atlanta, failing time, historically low crime rates in the city. The police do not prevent crime, they respond with questionable success at best. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resource that they need, rather than continuing to fund a police force to respond to crime that isn't happening. Given this year and the year 2021 budget. Cut the budget for Atlanta police department by 50%. defund the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest this money in reentry programs, low income housing, and their social services. Thank you for listening and please know the world is watching your decisions at this moment in history.
Hello, my name is Miss Tino Vich. And I am a citizen of Metro Atlanta, which here almost all of my life, and I'm calling about the budget this year, because in part because I'm very upset about the police killings of black citizens and Atlanta. I believe as the home of the civil rights movement, we should really be eating on laboratory policy. And I think I believe it's 50 of those governing our city to make sure that people black people are safe in Atlanta. And as we know, black communities are really traumatized by the repeated murders of black people, by those who are supposed to protect them, among other manifestations of systemic racism. And you know, racism is also a threat to health and safety. And I really believe in Atlanta. I believe we can do better than this in Atlanta. And we know that there are better, better ways Dental leasing to to support communities. So we know that actually investing in social services is a lot, a lot more helpful. The escalation and a lot more helpful reentry programs is a lot or a lot more helpful. Then, you know, militarized police forces and in the criminal justice system in general, which just, you know, adds adds to the to the same system going around in a circle. So what I'm asking is for the 2021 budget this year, cut.
Hi, my name is Katie King. I know the Capitol View neighborhood about the city's budget priorities and how rapidly how insanely out of line they are, and how we need to really talk about how much money that we spend on the police. I felt this way before this weekend. But I do think that the shark has brought us in to make this absolutely crystal clear, especially since the officer who shot him had just undergone training about de escalation, of course, that to me shows that reinvesting and performed isn't going to have much of an effect. And I think that we need to invest that money and our community in other ways such as education and community development, and programs to actually keep all of our neighbors safe. Thank you.
My name is Kimberly and I'm a part of District two for the City Council. I'm here to put in my comments that I am not in favor of increasing of the police department budget. I think that that money can be better spent in other areas of our community, such as schooling, helping out for medical resources, for those that are on drugs. Or that mental health and that those issues need to be handled by mental health professionals and people who are trying to de escalate situations and at the funds that for the police department and that the police department in general need to be going in assisting violent acts and shouldn't be even needed for those kind of circumstances. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Maurice Jackson and I live in southwest Atlanta City Council District 11. Not because I'm bearish, about the police cameras black citizen, a community it's been ongoing since born here in Atlanta is something that the home the civil rights movement, leading to the criminal justice reforms now responding to the general public and police ethical action The problem is that black communities are traumatized by repeating parts black people, those who take the criticism, racism is a threat. So no we can do better than this in Atlanta, Georgia. We are living in the Palm Desert we low crime rates in the city. Police Do not forget crime they respond and with questionable success at best. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will improve future cross supporting communities with the resources that they need when they continuing to fund the police force to respond to crime. In this we are at the fiscal year 2021 budget. Cut the budget for Atlanta police department, D percent define the Atlanta city detention center which hopefully funding reinvest the money in reentry programs, low income housing and other social services. You should really see these messages you are the ones who have to be a better listener just know the world.
You want to see the police defunded and more money invested in our communities, especially communities of color with the police the triggers, but it's still not right. Just want to be treated like everybody else. And that's it.
Hello, my name is Aaron Easter Thurman, and I'm a resident of riddles pond as of District five. I'm calling to urge you as city council members to take action after the APD indefensible, killing the free shirt books on Friday night. black communities are traumatized by repeated murders of Bucky by those who are supposed to protect them, among other manifestations of systemic racism, solving this is extremely important to me as a staff member of Georgia State domestic violence coalition, where I manage the statewide big quality review projects on the FBI database and see firsthand just how often police involved killings occur with no follow up or accountability. Racism is a threat to health and safety. We know we can do better than this in Atlanta. I call upon you to pass a fiscal year 2021 budget to defend the police and indigent public safety in a new form founded on trust with the communities protected. Specifically, I urge you to take the following steps first defunded fully disband the Atlanta police department and reallocate resources toward community based strategies for reducing crime and increasing safety. Second, defund and demolish the Atlanta city detention center before July 1 2020. And third, reinvest the money in reentry programs Low Income Housing and other social services. I call upon the city council and Mayor bottoms to take these steps and bring justice for ratio. Thank you very much.
Your Rodriguez, testimony community police funds. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Morgan bed good. I'm calling because I have concerns about how much money is being allocated to the budget for our to our appeasing many people of color. I would like to make a suggestion that we could have more than money being devoted to the development of our community. I am someone who lives in the city of Atlanta. That would be great if we could devote some of that money that the police department will be getting to more training on a possible yearly quarterly monthly basis. Thank you so much.
Hello, my name is Ronnie marrow and I live in the Fulton County area. And I am looking or asking to divest from the Atlanta police department and put it where the funds are needed as far as the community as far as into mental health, as far as into our youth, and so forth. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Julia laner. I am calling as the budget today and I am calling demand that councils decide to divest from the department and instead invest other community resources such as education, health care, all the other programs that are receiving so much work and the police department I follow a graphic of How much the police department gets compared to other agencies and it's really, really shocking how out of proportion especially police department and murdering people on the streets and yes, they get so much money out early. And so this cannot stand and so the council must decide to divest from the police and invest in programs that actually help people and actually keep people safe and actually prevent people from having to come into contact with the police. urge you to to make the change that is needed that we are all desperate. Please please please do not stand by and let people continue to die. Again.
My name is Lauren gun, I am calling to say that police brutality has gone through along with Communities instead of hiring 200 plus police officers in response, I believe that we should put those funds towards mental health at the escalation or try to imagine a new way of dealing with these issues in our community. So I suggest that her tax dollars and put them to use that is actually solution and not just creating more problems. Thank you. Bye.
Good. My name is My name is john Brooks, and I'm a resident of summer house. And I'm calling in regards to the proposed budget for the fiscal year 2021. I'm asking that due to the excessive policing distributed from the police department into community based strategies and social services, which can better serve people. Less they found the jail so that it does not continue to put it that way. violence and death and being in the entry program, low income housing and mental health programs and other social services. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Amina Mohammed, and I'm calling to call for the police to be to find it and for the reallocation of the budget to social services and community investing.
Hello, my name is Chantel, si and I have lived in Atlanta all my life to defend in the resources associated with APD. We have tried various methods to retrain all of our officers, and nothing's working, obviously, and we need to be allocated resources towards community being a public safety system. That's all I got. I don't have anything specific but to fund the police because there are better options that need to shine. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Matthew Leonard. I'm an Atlanta resident and board. I have a comment regarding allocation of police funding. What struck me the most about the situation with Rashard Brooks was that an employee We went and looking him up or any other unarmed person and woken him up, it would have simply moved his car into a parking space and continue to sleep, most likely, and no one would have been harmed introduced an increased chance of harm. The situation was the presence of a police officer. And I think there are many other situations even less benign, even more benign than this one in which we are not was needed. Other solutions could prove much more effective in reducing harm. So I would consider that or strongly consider that we consider how to allocate resources for public safety. And I think this is what many people are referring to too, when they talk about defunding police, it's not about reducing public safety. It's actually about hopefully, increasing public safety. And I would encourage the city to consider that. Thank you.
My name is Michael Lewis. And I'd like to leave a comment regarding the budget hearing today. I am a citizen of Atlanta and have been for two years now. And I believe that there's too much of the Atlanta budget going towards police. If we could use some of that budget for social services to handle things in a non violent way. I think it would be better for everybody involved. Thanks so much.
Hi, my name is Rena Mora, resident of the city of Atlanta. And I'm calling today to ask that we cut the budget for Atlanta Police Department about 30% defund the Atlanta city detention center. It is long overdue, and we really need to reinvest their money in reentry programs and social services, mental health programs, anything for low income people. So we stop the cycle. Thank you very much.
Hi, my name is Leah Clements. And though I live in Atlanta, I work with incarcerated persons and city of Atlanta. And so every day, I feel the impact of over policing of our communities and our reliance, our violent system of control. And so we need the Atlanta city council to fund community resources, not policing by defunding the Atlanta police department by 50% and reallocating those funds to pre arrest diversion, Department of equity, reentry services, as well as a myriad of other community resources that will lift up people And not tear them down and not put them in cages, but create community. I'm also asking to the city council to defend and demolish the jail and you have promised to do in 2019 and has failed to commit to that promise in 2020. We must define and demolish that jail, not just put $3 million into it, demolish it no longer has the Atlanta city detention center. And to use the taskforce policy recommendations to make the changes possible for community invigoration in that space. And last, we need justice for the people who have been murdered at the hands of the police. So please reopen investigations of all AP killings 2017 and develop a community tribunal to support and listen to all of these demands that have already been sent to you all from the black futures. Group, Georgia NAACP, showing up a racial.
Hi, my name is Emily elder and I'm a resident of Atlanta and a grad student at Emory University. I'm calling because I'm really concerned about the proposed increase in funding to the Atlanta police department. We should not be giving more money to a public safety system that cannot does not keep us safe, and it disproportionately harasses marginalized communities and people of color. Public Safety is created by investing more police jails, according to public safety requires fully funded and community controlled resources and calling to demand that at least half of the money designated to be Atlanta police department and this year's proposed budget be reallocated to other areas like affordable housing, social services, transit, education and other critical public sentiment should be working to protect people like Dr. Burks not endangering their lives. Thank you.
Hi, my name is CJ McLendon. I was just calling in reference to the proposed budget. And I think it's really important to invest in community and support with public schools, affordable housing, mental health services, etc. And I think that the proposed budget of the police department is so high. I think that that needs to be reduced significantly and those funds allocated towards other community resources. Just wanted to say that Thank you.
All right. Hi, bottoms and advance City Council. My name is Melissa. I lived in Georgia for over 20 years. I'm a mother of my nine year old son and six year old daughter. My husband has worked at a university in Atlanta for almost a decade. I am an Asian adoptee who's reunited with my family. And my adoptive family is white and my original Jamie is Asian, but both have been impacted by policing and circulation. I am adopted because My Korean father was in prison before I was born. I didn't meet him until I was 34 years old. When my oldest adopted brother was in high school in the 1980s. He was assaulted and beaten by three Florida police officers standing in line waiting for content. The attorneys advised my wife adoptive parents, that they likely would not win the case if they decided to press charges, and my parents opted to decline taking action. As you can see, policing and incarceration has impacted both of my family. Justice should not be a part of ideal that one can only dream of yet never grasped. Yet true justice will never be realized without courageous action to transform what justice looks like. You must recognize that the present system causes more harm and pain and healing and protection. And I implore you to the fun. Now is the time you had the courage previously to cut the contract with ice and shut down the detention center. We don't need more Investment increasingly more investment directly into people. Nine out of the 13 Minneapolis city council members have pledged to take steps toward dismantling the police department. Please respond to the tragic and unnecessary murders black men and women by following their lead and taking brave and crucial steps toward transforming courageous leadership willing to take actions that may be unpopular among the powers that be, but actions that are clearly with the people you elected to serve and uphold are demanding.
Hello, good morning. My name is Lauren Cobb and I know you all will be ready soon howdy cannot increase the budget for the police need to invest more into our communities instead of placing them in 
the morning my name is Pedro Troutman. I'm a Atlanta resident currently residing in the sweet Arbor neighborhood. I'm calling to record with comments regarding this morning budget meeting to stand in fellas Dirty with the demands of people in the street, to say that we demand that the city of Atlanta de fund the Atlanta police department, and redistribute all of those funds towards crucial social services that can drastically improve the lives and well being of the people in this city. There have been calls from the streets for Healthcare Improvement for access to safe, affordable energy efficient housing, for expansion of job skills, training programs, for an expansion of green infrastructure and other vital pieces to improve this community that could benefit from that police budget. We are putting we're defunding the schools and in improving funding for the police and that angle. So please, we're not begging we're demanding. And you do find APD we have blood on its hands and invest in people.
Hi, my name is David reckless, and I'm a resident of Midtown. I was disturbed to see that the city's budget includes increase in funding for Atlanta police department. Even thousands are marching to demand justice to black men and women killed by police. In recent decades, many social services and seeing their funding shrink while no expenses spared for policing. As a result, police have taken on many responsibilities that they are ill equipped for. Atlanta should be a leader in reversing that trend and reallocating funding from APD to social programs that make a positive difference in our communities will help. If we divert that funding to improve the material well being of Atlanta residents, we will likely find the need for policing is much less than we previously thought. So I'm calling to ask that the budget reallocate funding from Atlanta PD to various social programs that will otherwise see their funding slashed in the coming fiscal year. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Amanda Palmer and I live in Ormewood Heights in Grant Park. Atlanta, Georgia. And I would like to see our tax money, more tax money due to education. The police don't need any more money right now they need to figure out how they're going to move forward in a way that is different. And children need good education. Please put our taxes towards that money and I am an educator myself, have young children. And I strongly believe and all the research says that childhood is the most important time to develop someone's personality and someone's way of life. Please give torch education. Thank you.
Good morning. My name is Allison Kaufman. I am a resident of District five. And I'm calling because I'm sick and tired of the continued killing of black folks by police. Atlanta can and must do better It is responsibility of the city council and mayor's office to step up and defend black life. Please remember, though, that this is the floor. It is a bare minimum that black folks can live without fear of being killed by police or vigilantes. Once we address this violence and shift money away from the police, we can invest in black communities and social services, that so that communities can thrive, not just survive. As the home of the civil rights movement, Atlanta should be leading the way showing the rest of the country what it looks like to invest in liberation. Given that we are asking about the 2021 fiscal budget, cut funding to the police by 50% in fun the Atlanta city detention center, and we invested money in low income housing, reproductive and mental health care and re entry programs and other services. Thank you for your time.
Good morning. My name is Elisa Richmond, and I'm calling because I have a serious problem with a budget the way that laid out by the City Council is way less money going towards police. Because I feel like it just perpetuate more locality. And if you're going to add money to the budget for the police certainly shouldn't be the millions of dollars that we're doing. But if we're going to put it in more of a training, de escalation training, less brutality, and more empathy training. I'm just sick and tired of this. defunding The police is something that everybody's running for. And I just feel like our communities are suffering because we're putting more money into brutalizing them, and they're going to and literally because the police are enrolling, so come on people, it's time for us to really start to really look at what's going on here. We can't hide at four and so we put you people in office. voted for you, so that you could come in and be the deadline. So let's see that difference now. Because we are fed up with the way things are going. And at some point, everything's gonna come to a screeching halt. Thank you for listening to my words, and I appreciate your time. Please do the right thing and put your money where your mouth is. Thank you.
Good morning today. My name is Shayla Brahma and I'm calling for Mayor bottoms to come back. million dollars that will go towards the Atlanta Police Department budget is funded and that you may invest more into communities and policing now, you know if you build up that budget money more into developing community outreach centers and things of that so you'll have a more peaceful any You know, within the state of Georgia and plains police department is nationally known that they are very abusive and power of people's rights. And it has come to an end and the only way to do that would be fun, then budget and invest more into the community. Again, my name is Shree and I hope that this message is fair and highly considered and is time to show representation for your bidding and to make sure that it is invested in properly, but the back of the back of the generations to come. You have to please consider funding early in the project budget Police Department budget of $2.8 million
Nina's Anna Theodore, I was in the Old Fourth Ward here in Atlanta, I've seen some unspeakable violence committed by police on protesters on regular bystanders on regular civilians on an everyday basis. I think APD has done some frightfully cruel and unusual things during my tenure here in Atlanta. I would strongly advise us to defund the police and invest in human beings. There are a lot of different and amazing ideas coming out of the advocacy space right now, that could require you know, municipal budget funding, but definitely not a cent that we have funded like this insane amount of brutality, defund the police as soon as possible. I cannot stress this enough. The world is watching Atlanta. You're embarrassing. Thank you.
Good morning, Mayor bottoms. My name is Shonda written Berry. I live in the west side of Atlanta, Georgia. And I am calling because I am under the impression that today you guys are doing a virtual meeting from 217 million dollars, and it's supposed to be allotted for the Atlanta police department. Please, could you please provide some of those funds, not for the police. But for the community that needed. We need Boys and Girls Club, we need funding into the YMCA, we need funding. After School enrichment programs, we need the city to be a more welcoming place for our youth, more healthful playing with our police department. We all need to be a little bit more active in our communities versus policing them violently. Please, I hope that my voice is heard. Thank you very much. And you guys have a great session. Please do not get into ATD that you wanted and $17 million that is needed for the community, and we'll ask you something for the community. Thank you.
Good morning. My name is Joel wonderman and the recent college graduate and four year resident of the city of Atlanta, that you will reconsider the proposed city budget As a lot more money to policing black communities than building and elevating them, there should be no reason why the Atlanta police department is to receive $217.6 million in grants and community development, only receiving 313,000. That is unacceptable. And it's not an instant. I demand that you divest from Atlanta police department and invest into our communities invest in our children, their education, their extracurriculars and their futures. Thank you.
Yes, my name is Joel Harrison. It is 859 or 8:49am. Calling just to leave my comments regarding the funding, where the budget money is going, how it should be redirected. This is a call to action in the 217 million dollars going into the police funds. But when it comes to Our ethics board. When it comes to the review boards, the grants community, public areas, public defenders, city planning, parks and recreation, it's not even a comparison. But back in a resource to help people put it back in a community that needed stop over policing.
My name is Henri Jordan. Oh nice to God and he was so nice to you. clench your hand and seriously your heart, never mind a day and so and as it turns into one's life, both outward age and NFL. The word is for your claims in a market. Let the students be consumed out of yours. Let the wicked be no more blessed out the Lord or myself praying to the Lord. One about 35 it's good details how God feels about centers and he will do gamma gamma when you ask too soon in US Forget them, their family builds the ball that others also may feel or intimidated by when it ought to be publicly, FinTech before the church, the other remaining errors and all believers may not seen it he deliver them, but they provoked him with that Council and will slow for the nicotine, Dom's 106 or three, God and His candle when we choose our own counsel, and he will doing let us ask for Jesus to use us for his glowing and seeking His holy days. When leadership, the Lord right his work, practice. Look for a reward from God. Thank you and obey Jesus. I want to be used by Christ. Not being rude in my mind and my heart, my body. Thank you just for the chance to speak voice Whoo. It is like his word leaving me and then because Christ knows more than we love ourselves, and we thank him.
This is Lex levar. I am a taxpaying citizen in the city of Atlanta currently residing, born and raised. I would really appreciate as a taxpaying citizen, if we could defund the police and allocate those funds elsewhere. As far as getting mental health without caseworkers. We don't need to call the police for everything. Let's invest in the people. Let's really put our money where our mouth is, and let's stop acting like this is just a new issue. I would really appreciate it. Thank you.
Hello, my name is teacher Here. Public comment on today's budget meeting. I would like to uplift eight to abolition demands and which the people of Atlanta have up this date in solidarity with other cities in the country as a complete strategy to abolishing the police in our city and investing in our people. Those demands include, one define the police, to demilitarize communities. Three remove for free the people from the prisons and jails, as promised, and has not felt that jail nor is it earmarking funds to be funding or repeal laws that criminalize or viable, meaning criminalize drug effects with being poor and any other thing that causes poor people on investing community self governance. Yes, self governance provides safe housing for everyone and invest in care, not cops. Please consider news Listen, demand escalation.
The first key outcome Mayor bottoms outlined in the budget is a pay raise for police officers, which is extraordinarily inappropriate and undeserving considering a police officer just shot Ray sharp brown dead at the end of University Avenue. Many of us were taught in primary school that that behavior doesn't deserve praise or reward. And the police department does not deserve rewards much less funding. We're gonna talk about our quote unquote commitment to safety yesterday, they're going to give $5 million for body cameras when clearly body cameras aren't doing anything and mysteriously keep shutting out during instances of police brutality and police murders. Very strange. Instead of having $12,115,056 go into the police budget from the general price and $987,781 and the airport ribbon is the third demand the following changes cancel all ravens from the police department. The department has proved themselves undeserving canceled if it goes budget increases To the police departments on both the general revenue fund and airport revenue funds, and instead reallocate the funding to the Department of Parks and Rec. The budget was cut by about $1 million. When the beltline is still being developed. The Department of city planning which was cut by $1.5 million, the Department of Public Defender which was increased by literally $1, I believe the Department of Public Works, which was cut by $51 million, which I hope is a typo grants and community development, which is a new department with a budget of only $300,000 and the Board of ethics. We citizens video and are tired of the lip service coming from the Office of the mayor when the police are treating lots of citizens like there's some sort of NPCs to video games. We're trying to block like being able to look better for the Democratic Party, and we expect you to do that.
Hello, my name is misty Novick and I'm a citizen of Metro Atlanta. I've lived all over the city almost my whole life. And I'm calling because I would love for you to listen to me about the fiscal year 2021 budget for the city of Atlanta. I'm very upset, as I think are most people about the police killings of black citizens, especially in Atlanta. We are the home of the civil rights movement. I feel like we should be leading on liberation, not responding to another killing of black person, by the city, by the police in our city. And we know that black teens are traumatized by repeated murders of black people, by those who are supposed to be protecting them among other manifestations of systemic racism. And we know racism is a threat to health and safety for black people. And I believe that we can do better than that. Especially in Atlanta. I'm from Atlanta. I love Atlanta and I believe in Atlanta and I believe in all of you listening today. I think this is a really great opportunity at this moment in history to reinvest the money from programs that are less likely to work in terms of keeping us safe. And helping communities lifting up communities like the police department and the criminal justice system, reinvesting that money into services that we know are much more helpful at lifting people out of poverty and supporting people with the resources they need, rather than, you know, police forces that have really outlived their usefulness to use Mr. Kay's words. So what we're asking for fiscal year 2021 budget is to one, cut the budget or cut the budget for APD by 50%. defund the LM city detention center, and reinvest that money in low income housing, and other essential services. Thank you for listening. I really believe in you to make the right decision.
My name is Byron Youngblood. And I just discovered that you're getting a ton of money to the police department of Atlanta, while giving very little funds to other outreach programs or outreach programs in general, that actually deal with the community in a positive way. pindos People in the back. I think this is preposterous. I think you should all be ashamed of yourselves if you go through with funding the police department with this huge allocation of money. I do believe police are important, but I believe they need to be better trained and that they can eat. So that money needs to be placed towards training to be placed towards screenings and get the psychopaths out of the police force, and you start holding somebody accountable. And then definitely don't mean they don't need that much money. So you know, he fucking jobs about that, but to protect the citizens and make life better free citizens, instead of funding fucking police force who stand together and cover each other up when they murder citizen and turn off their body cameras, or hide it. Or have politicians live in New fucking jobs, inventing bitches.
Hello, my name is Baylor's. I was in Fulton County in my entire life, and I want the police to funded and also this budget should not be going towards extra money towards police into getting more police and also giving them better budgets. We don't want any police. There's a call for abolition and activists have been asking for abolition for a very long time now in Atlanta City Council and the mayor have been ignoring it. So we want abolition I want the police to fund it. And also just want our city council people to do better.My name is akia Pfeiffer. I am calling regarding the city in Atlanta budget. And the fact that was brought to my attention that 218 practically 280 million dollars of the budget is going to Law enforcement. That's ridiculous and it's criminal. Even today, the Atlanta Police Department use that 218 million dollars to go towards Oh, I don't know homelessness. We have an incredibly large homeless population majority of whom are black. Didn't that's rough algebra addicts. These are not all, quote unquote, lazy people. These are peace casting people. These are former veterans who, as many people will say fought for this country and have some dignity gives them the opportunity to have housing to have a roof over their head to get them off the streets. So they can live like humans. Use some of that money towards affordable housing so people can have a roof over their head uses that money for the for the development of grocery stores in many black neighborhoods in the city of Atlanta, better food deserts. don't even have quality grocery stores where people can get quality foods, healthy foods in some that might work health and wellness, in some that might work. better education or quality education, jobs, the list goes on and on. It's criminal for $218 million to be used towards law enforcement when all they all they will do all their training tells them when you see someone who is a victim is a threat when you see someone who is a quote unquote public nuisance arrest, harass them, kill them. Without them stand for demand and be done.
My name is akia Pfeiffer. I am calling regarding the city in Atlanta budget. And the fact that was brought to my attention that 218 practically 280 million dollars of the budget is going to Law enforcement. That's ridiculous and it's criminal. Even today, the Atlanta Police Department use that 218 million dollars to go towards Oh, I don't know homelessness. We have an incredibly large homeless population majority of whom are black. Didn't that's rough algebra addicts. These are not all, quote unquote, lazy people. These are peace casting people. These are former veterans who, as many people will say fought for this country and have some dignity gives them the opportunity to have housing to have a roof over their head to get them off the streets. So they can live like humans. Use some of that money towards affordable housing so people can have a roof over their head uses that money for the for the development of grocery stores in many black neighborhoods in the city of Atlanta, better food deserts. don't even have quality grocery stores where people can get quality foods, healthy foods in some that might work health and wellness, in some that might work. better education or quality education, jobs, the list goes on and on. It's criminal for $218 million to be used towards law enforcement when all they all they will do all their training tells them when you see someone who is a victim is a threat when you see someone who is a quote unquote public nuisance arrest, harass them, kill them. Without them stand for demand and be done.
Hi, my name is Carrie housing and I looked at the budget which 200 plus million dollars going to the police and very, very, very smaller amounts going to other essential department That is wrong. We need to support our community and the people that live in it not police brutality.
Hello, my name is Katie Doyle. I live in Kirkwood district. I'm calling because I may have said about police killing black people as the civil rights movement is the duty of the people during the city degree. Just in laboratory policy instead of you have been complacent and allowed the murder of another black person to occur back either traumatized by the repeated murders by people by priests. Among the other mass manifestation of systemic racism racism is a threat to help me say, you know, we can do better than this. We're living in a time of historically low crime rates in the cities please do not provide crime they respond and with National Sex. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in the programs and services that will correct future time by supporting kids with the resources they need, or they continue to fund the police force. financial crime that is happening. Given that we're asking that the fiscal year 2021. budget cut the budget per piece, Atlanta police department by 50% to defend the Atlantic, Atlantic City detention center and three reinvesting money and reentry programs, low income, low income housing, mental health programs and other social services. Agencies now the world is watching your decision at this crucial moment in history.
My name is Korea dancer Morgan. I'm calling in to say that we need to be on the police. There's no reason why Mayor bottom has chosen to increase the budget by $80 million and to the Department of Corrections, and it's been proven that there's a 50% recidivism rate here in the state of Georgia. Those funds as promised, with the decrease in the closing of the Atlanta city detention center Mexican no offense that there were promises made. And then there's been an increase in the budget. You need everything that was promised and writing. So that means there needs to be an investment of those funds into the parks and recreation city planning, especially the defender's office that protects poor black and white and other people of color from an unfair bias system. It also needs to be an increase in the grants and developments so that we can invest in our communities and improve our communities.
Good morning. My name is Kenya Palmer. I was commenting on a comment because I would appreciate a deeper dive into the funding of the beliefs in Atlanta, Georgia. I would appreciate if we could find out belief and reallocate but can schools and after school programs and things that actually help the community. Thank you for your time consideration. Have a wonderful day.
My name is Erica lamberson and I am a resident of District one. As a black woman and a rape survivor. The police do not and have never made me feel safe nor protected and testifying to demand that APD be defunded as a means to abolition and a full overhaul and restructuring of the way we keep our community safe. Please do not keep our communities safe. They either respond to crime that has already happened or they commit crimes themselves with impunity. They criminalize, terrorize and attack our communities, which our books should be alive today. If the police were truly there to protect and serve, they would have helped them get home safely or let him walk this sister's home if he asked he should not have been criminalized nor arrested in the first place. Police should not have been the organization to call on in this instance, there should be a community based safety team to ensure it That they see and not arrest. And I feel grim Emma die young should have never been assaulted or traumatized by the police. Yes, the officers have been fired in charge, but that will never take away the injuries and trauma they experienced. police reform the training the body cams will never be enough. It is not simply enact rules requiring police to be held accountable for their crimes, and should not be given authority and access to commit them in the first place. I cannot continue to see these murders and assault by APD happens time and time again, over and over and demand that you all take action to prevent them from happening in the first place and to reimagine a new society in which police become obsolete. In Atlanta I want to live in supports the community create opportunity. invest in education, public housing, make sure the community is sheltered fed and supported financially. This should be your priority as public servants not protecting and investing in the police. It's time to invest in the people.
Hello, my name is Jeremy Varner. I live in Grant Park Foundation Atlanta. And I would just like to propose that we reduce some of the Atlanta police department's budget and distribute that money to other departments, and at the same time reduce some of the workload of the police department. I think they're being asked to do a lot of things you shouldn't be asked to do and it's not doing well. And forget invest more in community development and other community projects, I think, a lot better for better results. And not as much money. Thank you.
Yes, my name is Alonzo Sexton. I'm calling in to demand that Mayor bottoms invest more into our communities and policing the police to invest in the community.
My name is Liliana Walker and I am calling on behalf of Atlanta citizen and acting Mayor bottoms to him That's more in the community than you invest in the police department. So I am axing the mayor, on behalf of the Atlanta citizens, that you invest more in the communities and you invest in the police department. Thank you.
My name is Robert Reardon and I'm calling to voice my concern that we are increasing funding for the Atlanta police, but we're decreasing funding for the Atlanta public schools feels like that is backwards and that needs to be addressed. We do not need to be increasing funding for all of the right ear and all of the other stuff that's going into the police while we're defunding the education of our kids, so that really needs to be considered or else you guys are gonna be voted out. Thank you so much.
Hi, my name is Russell Honda and I was calling to comment on the upcoming budget. I believe that the police should not get raises the police budget should not be expanded. The priority should be on schools, education, health care services, not more militant policing. I believe that any settlement should be coming out of police pensions and city funds. The only way these violent officers are going to learn as if we defund them is to combat that man bomb should not be investing on police and sheep's investing. So many families and citizens do not have the ability to add, let's say the majority group says I want to say that there's way too much money to be invested into one thing As long as the responsibilities they are committed to this week sleeping please do not donate cannot invest into so much money. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Wanda Riley. I'm just calling regarding the budget that's going on today. At this time in the climate of the country, what's going on right now? We really do need to consider what is funded and the funding needs to be reallocated definitely for the community. I just wanted to voice my opinion. I hope you listen.
Hi, my name is Kelsey McNicholas. I live in Westfield code 30310. And I'm calling to ask you to defund the police department by 50% for fiscal year 2020. redistributed that money to social services. The reason is that Atlanta has the ability to be a leader in this country. Thank you.
Good morning. My name is Jessica lane and I live in Druid hills, Atlanta. I'm calling because I'm very upset about the police killings of black people across the nation, but especially the ones who have been most recently in Georgia, particularly Rashard Brooks who was killed over the weekend by police. I'm a native of Atlanta and I have lived here all my life and I love my city very much. But I think we can all agree that this is a very serious public health crisis that needs to be handled thoughtfully, and I have some very serious demands to make on this point. As we know, black communities are traumatized by the repeated murders of black people by police officers among so many other manifestations of systemic racism, including injury and harassment by police. Racism is a threat to health and safety and you know, we must do better than this. We are currently living in a time of low crime rates in the city. The police cannot prevent crime. If anything, they make crimes worse or cause crime to their own. We should take this opportunity not to give more funding to the APD. But to slash their budget budget entirely. isn't all of this I am asking for in the fiscal year 2021 budget to cut the budget for Atlanta police department by 50%. I also would like for the council to consider defunding the Atlanta city detention center with the goal of closing it entirely in the near future. And then reinvesting those funds in reentry programs, low income housing, mental health services, education, parks and recreation and non armed social services professionals who can help people in crisis. Thank you for listening, please do the right thing.
Hi, my name is shaniqua light and I'm actually pictured in district three and I'm calling to act in light of the excessive use of force. In peaceful protesting, as well as various current events that the council very seriously consider directing funding away from the Atlanta PD, especially as it looks to comprise a third of our budgets for this upcoming year. I don't think that a body cam budget is not that this money was better be served in context that helped these communities like the Department of Planning and community development or Parks and Recreation and Cultural Affairs or the citizens Review Board. And I think especially as we begin to grapple with the deficit stemming from the pandemic, it becomes even more important to prioritize spending in these avenues as opposed to policing. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Trevor moody and as a constituent of Atlanta, Georgia. My command for the fiscal year 21 budget remote listening sessions, as included include cancel all pose phrases and the 2021 budget can For the proposed to 12 point $12 million rate and the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. Cancel the proposed 987 k Raven airport revenue fund for the Atlanta police service within 2021. And reallocate those funds evenly to city departments such as the executive offices, parks and recreation, including public works, etc. Thank you.
My name is Carrie Shea and I'm calling to say that you guys need to defund the police and reinvest that money in the community. There is no reason for over $200 million to be invested in taxpayers money and police that are killing them. No, thank you.
Hi, my name is Courtney hooks. I'm a certified nurse midwife and nurse practitioner, also a resident and homeowner in District Four Quito Winslow's just I'm just calling in to state that I do not support this budget as it currently stands. We need to radically reduce the budget for the police to defund the police and we need to not continue to have this jail open to close it. We also need to start funding our values. That means everyone needs to be well educated, everyone needs to be housed. Everyone needs to be well fed yesterday equivalent when Phil was, you know, trying to insinuate that our district is a food desert because of Wendy's. And that doesn't make any sense. That's when he says I solve our issue of being in a we need to have enough money. We have great weather to be able to have community gardens on every corner. You know, me as a midwife. I care about black people, black burning people, like babies dying, and that's an issue in our city. We need to be putting money towards having actual solutions. We need to make sure that our people you know who are Have houses to live in. doesn't make any sense in the city where there's so many boarded up houses, even on my own blog. We're not. We're just letting developers have free rein at that, instead of having a company like, you know, Habitat for Humanity as we fix those up and get people who are long term residents, long term data members that have been in Atlanta into those houses, but they can have stability in this city that's getting more and more expensive each day. Each day. I think that the community has the answers, I think that you will need to listen to us listening to the session from yesterday was very clear with the work for us that you need to listen to our demand.
My name is Joshua Cohen. I am a public school teacher here in Atlanta, and I would like to express my support for defunding the police in the coming year. I think we can better spend our money on social programs. I think it's ridiculous that we're cutting $60 million from the APS budget and increasing our police budget. And they've shown so much brutality in the face of the protests in the last couple weeks. And I think we can do better as a city. And that means putting our money into things that are not organizations that are designed to brutalize and civilians.
Hi, my name is Jennifer Reardon and I'd like for you to consider not raising the funds for police and keeping our funds for school. very disturbing. Schools have already lost a lot of art programs and we need to keep the money where it needs to be with our children. Not with the police. Thank you.
Anyway, I would like to define the tipping point The members and the people. The proposed budget gives the police in $200 million two point I would like you to inform and clean and give the money to the people to social services, education, health care and other services.
My name is Tatiana Hadley, and I'm asking that the fiscal budget estimate from the Atlanta police department and investment into the community where it can truly serve the public. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Joshua idzik. I'm an active Georgia voter. I live in district five. Code 30307 was calling to find desire or a budget using the budget for the Atlanta police department by at least defund the Atlanta city tend to tend to reinvest money in reentry programs like low income housing, mental health program, and other social services, like education, job, to justice, those sort of things. I think they'll be more important and more constructive way now. investing more in the police department. Thank you so much.
Hi, my name is Michael bro and I live in district six I'm calling is I'm deeply concerned with the proposed Atlanta city budget inclusive of an almost 6% increase in police spending. Both as a city and a country our people have become disgusted by the police killing of black people and the wanton brutality we see the police execute upon our communities day in and day out. The nationwide experiment of over policing our communities has been run and the results are clear. Mass incarceration of black and Hispanic people complete on accountability for Criminal Police and deterioration of low income and minority neighborhoods. Carrying yield the police are afraid of this reform has proved completely ineffectual. Garrett roll Rashard Brooks killer has 12 incidents on his file and still on the streets of Atlanta carrying a deadly weapon. He undergone a rigorous de escalation and cultural awareness course. None of this made a difference when he fired three shots into Rashard Brooks back as he pled The only answer to the question of how to end police and justices to take away their funding, the refrain of reform and today, given the circumstances combined with a completely unique organic social movement born in the wake of George Floyd's murder to protest racial injustice and police brutality and extrajudicial killings of black people, the city of Atlanta is a unique position during a period of radical social change their bottom I've heard you say that Atlanta is a different kind of city. I believe that it is. But it's been an example of a new different way to protect our community. We can lead the way in ending over policing of our community and demanding that insulting general on budget which increases police spending in Atlanta is scrapped today and replaced by a budget cutting police spending in half and instead investing in crucial programs like low income housing. reentry programs public defenders spending programs that protect the most vulnerable in our community rather than criminalizing them finally admitting that you fully defined the Atlanta city detention center to a zero dollar line item in the budget. Despite all the tragedy and mourning, we're all experiencing seemingly every day I remain hopeful that Lincoln I know voters will be watching this moment closely to see what kind of city Atlanta wants to be in this crucial moment.
My name is Sarah Brown, and I live in Canada Park. I'm calling because I am just me and myself and my family have just been so deeply impacted by Black Lives Matters movement, also just accounting, black people by police. And we really just feel that it's the duty of the people that government to create policies and to have programs in place that are more supportive of all of the people in the city. You know, we continue to see repeated murders of bug people and other sort of systemic racism showing up in our schools. proposal now to cut funding from the schools and the proposed budget to increase funding to the police department. We know the police are not there to prevent crimes. Know that they do not do de escalation. Maybe they neutralize most often they engage in a way that is aggressive and creating a violent. We've been seeing that in the protests in the ways that they responded to see that the way they responded this past weekend. A person was in line at a fast food place was not in a position to be of harm or threat to the police. We are asking for the police department because by 50% we know The Atlanta detention center is closing we ask that it be completely defunded and all of that money redirected. We want to reinvest in low income housing, mental health, social services, education and health care.
My name is Ramallah, Callum I'm calling for Mayor bottoms invest more into our communities better policing than the current proposed general fund budget allocate $217.6 million dollars to police and only $313,400 into grants and community development. Funds need to be dispersed to target the community problems and support development projects that encompass all areas of life including housing, health care, mental health, food, the environment excetera and disparities in these areas and I'm doing According the area that needs support for our communities, we will not have any sickly so please consider this request as it is better in a community aspect and in a whole for everyone.
My name is Alex Franco. I am calling to demand the city council defund the Atlanta police department. It is unconscionable that Mayor Lance bottoms wants to give a $5,000 raise to police officers. When just the other day the Atlanta Police Department murdered Rashard Brooks in the Wendy's drive thru. It is unconscionable and unjust for us to continue to give millions of dollars to the police. And that money could be better served in our communities. When we could uplift community initiatives, when we can protect community of colors when we can embed in our health care which are the best in our schools and our roads. And so I am demanding along with my fellow citizens that you give the Atlanta Police Department a budget of zero dollars for 2021. And then that money be redirected into communities of color and into initiatives such as healthcare and education. Thank you.
My name is Ashley Thomas, and I'm calling with the comments. It makes absolutely no sense if this portion amount of funding is going to policing as opposed to community development. If communities were developed properly, policing wouldn't be so necessary. policing wouldn't be something that was so authoritarian and adaptational. If communities are empowered with their own resources, better education, better employment rate, better conditions, everything I've lived in so many different places around Atlanta, There are so many places that city is forgetting about until about line is mentioned, or intelligence depreciation becomes involved. I'm asking for the sake of my crying so I am asking that for one money be distributed properly in this city so that we can have a real transformation in Atlanta. The police. Getting an exponential amount of funding is clearly a file from the fund the police reallocate the fun to communities. Thank you.
Emily roselli. My comment is that I would like to place budget not to be expanded or increased. And I would like to actively redirect funds to more social community welfare as opposed to the police depart
My name is Murcia hand and I disagree that the police should get more money, as I think that money should be taken away and given to public safety, education, mental health care, and other things in the community. We've had money taken away from our education for years. So I don't think it's that radical that we would take away money from the police department and we've seen that it's not working. So I think that for like normal traffic stops, it should be like public safety and you know, instead of instead of mental health like experts, and like,
this is Gabrielle de and I am calling in to demand that they reduced the budget for the police. I was on the city call yesterday. And I believe that there should be more going towards the grants and Community Development communities to me programs. We need people to listen to these individuals. And if you look at the records, you will see that if you put more programs in place and you listen to the community provide their needs, then you will see the crime rates reduced.
My name is Caitlin, and we need to defend the Atlanta police department and fund city planning and other departments that have a serious lack of funds. I can't believe that city planning has less than a million dollars when the police has everything from it the whole budget like 15% or more. Atlanta police department.
Yes, this is Chris Garcia. The city of Atlanta must divest from the Atlanta police department. invest in education, mental health, housing and job training. Need to defend the police? We have the pre arrest diversion program. And right now there's no incentive for police to refer people to the previous diversion. There's only one place to put people in jail to their quotas, and to get bonuses until the police should be defended for that reason.
Good morning. It's 8:55am on Tuesday, and my name is Yvette aware. I'm an Atlanta resident and have been for almost three decades. My city council representative is held. Let me first say that I want to voice my opposition To increase funding of the Atlanta police department, and I would hope that the $217.6 million would be allocated to programs that ensure both economic equity and housing stability for Atlanta black citizens. I would also like to ask my Councilman why he did not vote last night. I've listened to the broadcast since city council meeting until it's signed off after 12 midnight, and I was disappointed that council chose not to vote on the resolution put forth by Council and bond that would adopt a comprehensive police reform. There was also a second resolution that followed Both these resolutions are filled heartily by the black community. And I would like my councilmen shook to publicly state if he is in support of these resolutions, whether or not he is and if not, it was a sorry, there was a pause reminded me that my two minutes was almost up. Again, I would like Councilman shook to tell the Atlanta resident if he is in support of these resolutions. And
Hi, my name is Kiana Paige and I live in Atlanta, and I'm calling because I'm very obsessed about police killings of black people. As the home of the civil rights movement, we should be leading on policing and criminal justice of abolition not responding to yet another children of a black man in our city by my call to action is that I believe that we should reinvest Much of the saved money some of the money that was moved from the budget for the APD into reentry program, low income housing education. I believe that we should be fun to be a detention center. And we should look at the budget for ATP. I'm not sure we should cut it by 50%. But I think we need to cut it and reevaluate every bit of training and background checking that goes into hiring and recruiting. Thank you for listening. Please know the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment. 
Can you say one race and you're looking for opportunities where there's more fair home ownership back community discussion anyway? community with inflation in buying homes more affordable resourcing for kids in the neighborhood to keep them out of trouble? More situations where you can stop the shootings and killings amongst in the community. But more so for that opportunities for people above the 250% probably land with a combat Home program that sad for humanity where people could be living with it is true, true mixed income community. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Caitlin Barnes and I'm a resident in Atlanta's district two. I'm calling now to amplify the demands of black led organizations and communities. Atlanta must close the detention center now, defund the police now and reinvest the sage funds into those very communities and into essential evidence based services for the most vulnerable in our city. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Laura Josh and I'm just calling to express concern around the changes in budget where we're decreasing funds for school and increasing funds for the police. I would love to see more money in the city back into the community rather than the police department around just improving some disparities and find out more quality versus just increasing police presence. Thanks.
My name is Michael Hollingsworth and I am calling to the man that Mayor bottoms investment more into our communities in policing this guy Bez, the Atlanta police department and invest into the community.
My name is Adam when I was in District 12. I'm a social worker, a mental health therapist by profession. I'm calling in solidarity with the protesters and organizers who are responding to the murders mentioned by by the hands of police. And I'm joining in a request for the City Council to cut the Atlanta police budget by 50% in reinvest savings into responses to challenges such as affordable housing, mental health and substance abuse, that are aimed at helping people rather than punishing or criminalizing people. A lot of cities have considered these policies in the last couple of weeks and I think Atlanta can do the same. Rather than simply deflecting and saying that it's not possible. we're faced with probably some budget shortages given the economy, given big Coronavirus. And, of course, I think a lot of mental health professionals are saying that we're anticipating a substance abuse and mental health crisis coming up. I think the only morally responsible response is to invest in solutions that actually help people rather than punishing them and supporting the prison industrial complex. I appreciate your time and I hope you will consider defending the police for this budget year.
Oh, this is Erica Wilson. I'm calling in regards to the budget that's going to be held virtually today. I'm asking to demand that near bottoms invest more into the communities and policing them into all the police brutality that has occurred and all the deaths of all of our African American and black people and asking that more be put into community and following more methodology similar to like the Stockholm mental health and police services back home violence reduction unit, alternative sentencing approach, because right now the police are just killing black people twist, there was no restraint. And I don't think it's training. Training is not the case because I've seen him use restraint when it comes to contagion or others or people outside of the African American community from asking that the police in the best interest of the community,
the mind money Karen Santa I'm calling and sisters in Atlanta demand allocation of our city budget we've all seen 100 places doing for our community. From the murder of racecar birds to tear gas and shooting rubber bullets into crowds of people from Texas just about two weeks we see the harm they're causing to citizens. I'm not a supporter of abolishing our law enforcement. But it is clear that they deserve far less funding. As a citizen of Atlanta, I demand that you reallocate funding from the police department departments that surely need more funding, especially education and the medical field. Thank you for your time. Appreciate it.
Hello, my name is Jeffrey Taylor. I am a resident here at Emory University and I see the direct effects of police brutality in our community. One of the things that we need to do is invest more inside this thing that make our community great which Our police which are which is our park rec parks, are city planning and things that help our community as we advance our communities. We care about them individually as people. We will see a decrease in crime rate improved in over several locations when you increase the money allocated to the different areas. we decrease the police but it also encourages them to change behavior as to how they treat our African American males and females and minorities all together. Please decrease the budget and allocate to more areas to actually improve our people and not just police. Thank you.
Alyssa greenhouse. I believe that to raise the pay for the police force, and not cut their budget would be a blatant disrespect to Ray sharp Brooks, a matar Berry and the count countless others in this city in this country. They're being silenced and pushed down by the brutality and abuse of power by the police force. It is true that not all police are bad but if you are going to protest by the most violent members involved, then we must judge the police force by the most violent and the most racist and look, face to face to realize that this police force is not equipped to protect anybody but themselves. And they continue to use the deadliest sports possible when they are doing it.
And this occurs when they are on the fourth as well as when they are off and retired. And they're just out in the community Island thing those who are unarmed and non threatening. We must judge the police by these violent racist cops who recognize that to give any more money to this cause would just be a slap in the face to the city all the hurt that it has been through, and would not move us further. So better tomorrow whatsoever. I hope that the city council will realize that these funds must be pivoted elsewhere for the time being until the police force if it should still exist, will prove that it will get rid of all of the sorts of those members who are violating their power and have these biases that are putting lives in danger and that they are going to improve their training, lengthen their training time and will not be giving a gun to back up a man running away.
Hello this is Ashley Hodges. Pleased to find the police as well as your corrections budget to move it toward programming that will increase the livelihood of yours.
My name is Cali I'm calling on the city of Atlanta to demand the city and the police departments and invest into the community. The city has a proposed budget of 678 million for the general fund of which 217 million for the Atlanta police department. We don't want any more terrorist groups in our community. We want them removed from calling on all of our city council members to Examine the budget. fact that you have only 40 million in parks and rec. And only 300,000. In grants and community development. It's no wonder so many of our people are living in poverty and wanting to do more for these children. Too many children are not completing high school, not breaking the cycle of poverty. closing down these projects housing and not providing any affordable housing for families, kicking them off these cities. Want to see divestment from police departments, and more money invested in community grants and community development programs, more money invested in parks and rec and social workers out in the community support people more money in your citizen Review Board, so we're not hiring crooked cops or terrorists from from our community. Calling as a concerned citizen, about one third To find budget going to a police and our committee on just motor greetings to council members and staff, especially greetings to US citizens of Atlanta, paying attention to your governance as a class our budget for the upcoming fiscal year.
Ben Howard senior advocate public policy analysts in the city of Atlanta reports to a multiplicity of government agency. We tell them that there is a high degree of citizen participation when it comes to how the funds we receive from those agencies are dispersed. So we don't get caught up in challenges to those statements we make undersigned Oh, it might be wise to get the neighborhood planning says To the Atlanta planning advisory board functional again, we might even go further and be wildly creative by funding a citizen engagement department as forward thinking citizens has done of you who cringe when you hear words, quote, defense police, unquote. You may want to interpret those words as you reallocate funds, as you are trying to do. The other case phones from militarism, to community to and concerns. Now.
My name is Melissa Rogers. And I really think you need to raise money. You've got to help these people and be ready to vote. The money distributed in a better way, putting this much into the police department. It's not working, please, please. And investing community and our allies are not being counted.
My name is Eric Miller and I am a resident in Kirkwood, and asking the budget committee to redirect all funds from BPD into other social services. Currently, your justification of APD budget comes down to raises and the rollout of body camera technology. I think it is a mistake to put so much faith and more significantly resources into a PDS ability to fix itself. Watching independent review boards increasing bias trainings and rolling out body camera technology have all empirically proven ineffective. These types of reform present an inexcusable drain on city resources that would be much better spent on overcoming the racialized income gap. However, He leads the country in income inequality. Moreover, what your frankly unacceptable proposal fails to grasp is that all police, including APD represent a threat to community safety and not as protection. Therefore further justifying the budget increase based on pay raises you missing the entire point of what the defined movement demands. over reliance on an increasingly militarized police force to manage such a vast array of social ills, and not only fundamentally nonsensical and high stakes situations, it is dangerous and too often life threatening, and deeply disappointed with the Budget Committee and the mayor's activists lack of effective action. Now more than ever, as our city bracing itself for the sustained economic and public health impact of COVID-19. We need to think critically and creatively about how we might attend to the needs of those in our community most easily made vulnerable, with APD. Making Up 30% of the budget, the city is greatly reducing its ability to positively intervene on the lives of its citizens. I urge you to reconsider the allocation of funding shortage. Total dissolution of the APB and creation of immensely better funded social services, public health, education and community. I urge you to reconsider the allocation of funding short a total solution of the APD and the creation of immensely better funded social services, public health, education and housing being the most critical. The city must take the crucial first step for eating for community.
My name is Chelsea Allen and I live in zip code 30310. And I was just calling to leave a comment and request that we did fund the Atlanta police department and reallocate the resources from it. I believe that the APD has failed to improve public safety and wellness and attempts to curb violence through increased training have been as ineffective I want I feel we should dismantle and replace a department that is a proven ineffective at carrying out its mandate and is unresponsive to reform, a plan that should be created for defunding APD and reallocating resources to more effective community based strategies for reducing crime and increasing safety. I also think that we should defend and demolish the jail and as well as getting justice for the people that APD needs to be accountable for. officers must be held accountable for killing people and failing to address the police killings in the past to the accumulated distrust in the city of Atlanta the value of black life. You know, there are several ways where we could reallocate the resources and defend the Atlanta police department. I believe we should create a five to seven year plan firstly to dismantle the Atlanta police department and build a new community based community controlled Public Safety's them you know, and that was the comment I was hoping to eat. Thank you.
messages for the Atlanta city council and Mayor Keisha Lance bottoms, I urge you to
morning. My name is Alison Kaufman. I am a resident of District five. And I'm calling because I'm sick and tired of the continued killing of black folks by police. Atlanta can and must do better and that is the responsibility of the city council and mayor's office to step up and defend black life. Please remember, though, that this is the floor. It is a bare minimum that black folks can live without fear of being killed by police or vigilantes. Once we address with violence and shift money away from the police, we can invest in black communities and social services so that communities can thrive, not just survive. The home of the civil rights movement, Atlanta should be leading the way showing the rest of the country what it looks like to invest in liberation. Given that We are asking that the 2021 fiscal budget cut funding to the police by 50% in fund the Atlanta city detention center, and we invested money in low income housing, reproductive and mental health care, and re entry programs and other services. Thank you for your time.
The morning, my name is Rose into Richmond, and I'm calling because I have a serious problem with the budget. The way it is laid out by the City Council is way too much money going towards police. Because I feel like it just perpetuates more totality. And if you're going to add money to the budget for the police surely shouldn't give the millions of dollars that we're doing but if we're going to put it in more of a training, de escalation training, less brutality, and more empathy trainin Just sick and tired of this, finding that the leash is something that everybody's running for. And I just felt like at that point because we played more money into brutalizing them, and they were unruly, because the police are unwilling. So come on people, it's time for us to really start to really look at what's going on here. We can't hide anymore. And so, we put you people in office, we voted for you, so that you could come in and be the difference. So let's see that difference now. Because we are fed up with the way things are going and at some point, everything's gonna come to a screeching halt. Thank you for listening to my words, and I appreciate your time. Cases right bang, and put the money where your mouth is. Thank you.
Morning. Today is extended time. My name is Sheree Alabama and I'm calling or may have bought $2 million that will go towards the Atlanta Police Department budget and that you may invest more into communities and policing now, you know, if you build up a net budget money out and think that you'll have a more peaceful you know, within the state of Georgia and please please police department in a nationally known that they are very abusive power of people right. And it has come to an end and the only way to do that is to do their budget and invest more into the community. Again, my name is Shree hope that this message is heard out entirely Considered, it is time to show representation for your city and to make sure that it is invested in properly. For the sake of the sake of the generations to come. You have to please consider funding earlier the budget budget Police Department budget of $2 million
enough and I said or I live in the old fourth quarter here in Atlanta, I've seen some unspeakable violence committed by police on protesters on regular bystanders on regular civilians on an everyday basis. I think APD has done some frightfully cruel and unusual things during my tenure here in Atlanta. I would strongly advise us to defund the police and invest in human beings. There are a lot of different and amazing ideas coming into the advocacy space right now. That could require you know, municipal budget funding but Definitely not the extent that we have funded like this insane amount of brutality deep on the police as soon as possible. I cannot stress this enough. The world is watching Atlanta. You're embarrassing. Thank you.
Good morning Mayor bottoms. My name is Shonda Rattenbury. I live in the west side of Atlanta, Georgia. And I am calling because I am under the impression that today you guys are doing a virtual meeting for 217 million dollars that is supposed to be allotted for the Atlanta police department. Please. Could you please provide some of those funds not for the police. But for the community that needed we need Boys and Girls Club we need funding into the YMCA. We need funding and after school enrichment programs we need to city to be a more welcoming place for our youth more helpful playing with our police departments. We all need to be a little bit more active in our communities versus policing. violently, please, I hope that my voice is heard. Thank you very much. And you guys have a great session.
Please do not get me to add that 217 million dollars that is needed for the community, and a huge chunk of it is needed for the community. Thank you.
My name is Diana Hadley, and I'm asking that the fiscal budget who'd benefit from the Atlanta police department and investment into the community were to truly serve the public. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Joshua basic. I'm an active Georgia voter. I live in district five. Code 30307 is calling to find desire for a budget. You think about the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50. We defund the Atlanta city detention center, and to reinvest money in reentry program like Low Income Housing Mental Health Program and other social services, education, job. Justice. Those are things. I think they'll be more important and more constructive. Right now. investing more in the police department. Thank you so much.
You're not behind lone wolf. I am calling because I am encouraging. Please, please, please, for the City Council and for the mayor to divest from the police department. The budget that is on the line is just way too much. $217 and point $6 million and only 330
My name is Reggie Rodriguez. I would like to divest Atlanta police department. I feel like all that fun shouldn't be going to just the police department. Like, I think everybody deserves the same equal amount of funding. And we need to miss just does not right. Like that stuff it should be like given to the people like the safety of the public roads, education. They should do this for the future like for the kids, like, come on. Like they're going to be the ones later on, like, trying to change something in our society that you want, like the future to be in better hands. Other than like, police, like I don't, I don't I just don't understand. Like, embrace my heart. I can't believe like people like our leaders are like the ones deciding like where that money should go. Coming from hardworking Americans.
My name is Bernie killing for and I want to request that job, give a lot more money to the communities and propose to and $17.6 million right now because if you keep investing in police as much as you do, and you don't invest in unity, the need for policing will remain. But if you invest in the community, the need for policing will go down. So let's shift the order and put at least half of that budget of 78 million more than that towards community so that communities can be rebuilt, and improved, and less policing will be necessary. And instead, invest in community policing and invest in health. care for people in mental health care for people and education for people so that everybody gets the same opportunity. Thank you.
Keisha Dorn. I am in support of defending the police
Geronimo as needed as the money that's invested in the police departments was busier into our black community. People will then start these restaurants and businesses will start with Coronavirus congresspeople down.
My name is Kathy proud of it and I am sick and tired all my tax dollars going to the police department when they are not protected and servants equally. So I demand Change and reform.
My name is Dominic Maschler and I live in the West new neighborhood in District 10. Last Wednesday, I contacted every city council member via email expressing my concerns about Mayor bottoms proposed budget. Addressing the $12.1 million increase in police funding, I stated that we need to recenter our priorities and recognize that we can't solve all our problems with a stronger arm. Our police need a narrower focus which does not pass them with jobs better suited for social workers or other specialists. Last Thursday, two council members responded to my message comes from numbers i'd and for okie I would like to publicly thank you both for taking the time to answer. I know your time is precious, so I appreciate your attention. In their messages. The council members reiterated the mayor's stance that this budget increase simply reflects the pay raise granted to the APB last year and helps guarantee Atlanta is competitive and securing the best candidates for its force last Friday to police officers graveyard book sleeping in his car. 20 minutes later he was bleeding to death. I am not on mission, but I feel certain that a 5.9% increase would not have prevented Ray shards desk. That was last week. This week. We are no longer listening to soft spoken assurances that this budget is nothing to worry about. This budget is the status quo plus a cost of living adjustment. Aside from the raise given to officers, no other considerations have been made. The status quo killed a father on Friday. He was not the first and without significant changes to how we police the city. He will not be the last. I call him the city council to remind the world why Atlanta is the cradle of the civil rights movement. to bend the arc of the moral universe towards justice. We must call I call on you to pull with the people in the streets and begin defunding the Atlanta police. Thank you for your time.
I am calling to demand more funds for community and police on hold
My name is Chelsea Allen and I live in zip code 30310. And I was just calling to leave a comment and request that we did find the Atlanta police department and reallocate the resources from it. I believe that the APD is improved public safety and wellness and tips to curb violence through increased trainings have been ineffective. I won't, I feel we should dismantle and replace a department that is a proven ineffective at carrying out its mandate and is unresponsive to reform a plan that should be created for defunding APD and reallocating resources to more effective community based strategies for reducing crime and increasing safety. I also think that we should defend and demolish the jail and as well as getting justice for the people that APD needs to be accountable for. officers must be held accountable for killing people and failing to address the police killings in the past to the accumulated distrust in the city of Atlanta the value of black life. You know, there are several ways where we could reallocate the resources and defend the Atlanta police department. But I believe we should create a five to seven year plan, firstly to dismantle the Atlanta police department and build a new community based community controlled public safety system. You know, and that was the comment I was hoping to leave. Thank you.
My name is Melissa Rogers. And I really think you need to reassess the money. You got to help the communities in these people and you know, whatever money you got it distributed in a better way and putting this much into the police department. It's not working. Please, please. The police and invest in commodities and human life alive. Hello. 
This is Dr. Dwayne Meadows along with shoulder worker walls. And we're calling to say that we demand that the $217.6 million. That's going to be divested from the police department and invested into the community in Atlanta. We believe that that $278.6 million does not reflect the needs, wants and desires of the black community, especially enlightened state of police violence. We're looking to defund be funded police and to change to a more community based modality policing, we demand this. We demand this and we'll accept nothing less. Thank you.
My name is Samira Cody, I want to demand that we the people of Atlanta demand digest from the extent that the department and the community have a plan to decrease the budget for the police department and more in the community so that are so much happier. So much.
Hello, my name is Michelle Gilmore. I'm a resident of the city of Atlanta. And I'm calling to demand that Mayor bottoms and the City Council invest more into our communities, and that we divest the budget for the Atlanta police department. Thank you.
My name is Alice Francis. I live in district three and I'm demanding that the Atlanta city council defund the Atlanta PD significantly and redistribute those sons to true public service programs, such as public health care, public housing, public maintenance of our roads, or parks, sustainability programs, and especially public health care. So our eyes have lived in a lot of different places. Atlanta is my favorite city, and we need to invest in the community because that community is what makes us great. Thank you.
Hello, I'm Jenna Chanel. I'm a constituent in the Atlanta area. And I have a question about the Atlanta budget as listed for the 2021 fiscal year. I think it's unreasonable that our budget for our police department is $216.6 million. And I don't want my tax dollars to be allocated into a system or foundation that does not support or me or other people in the community. I was wondering if it's possible for that to be allocated properly into the health system. abilities are more allocated job that it is that the police department's description, you shouldn't be able to call the police for any myriad of options, where there could be other options that this money could go into. I am worried as a constituent. I am also worried as a student and as a citizen of Georgia and I would really like for this money to go elsewhere to other funding. Thank you very much.
Hello, my name is Jasmine Burnett and I live in southwest Atlanta and I'm calling because I'm very upset about the police killings of black citizens. You know, as a home of the civil rights movement as a city that causes itself too busy to hate. We should be leading on policing and criminal justice reform and not responding to yet another killing of a black man in our city by police. black communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people, by those who are supposed to protect them among other manifests. As systemic racism, racism, point length is a threat to health, health and safety. And we know we can do better than this in Atlanta. In fact, we're living in a time of historically low crime rates in this city. And the police do not prevent crime. They respond and with questionable success, as, as such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resources they need, rather than continuing to fund a police force to respond to crime that simply isn't happening. Given this. We were asking about the fiscal 2021 budget. One cut the budget for Atlanta police department by 50% to define the Atlanta city detention center, and three reinvest that save money into reentry programs, low income housing, and other social services. I'm actually graduated from Georgia Tech with a degree in City and Regional Planning and I would love if we paid, you know, as much attention to anti gentrification An effort as we did to criminalizing black communities in our city we would see far better results if we invested in people and communities and not in the police. But thank you for listening and please know that the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in history. Thank you, council members.
My name is Christina Austin and I am a lifelong Atlanta area residents born and raised in Orange County. I'm calling to urge you to significantly reconsider your position on a PP budget. I believe that this is one of the biggest ways that we can make a positive change for our city. We need to pause the funding on them until we can really address the systemic issues in our society, the things that are allowing them to create wealth for themselves or taking pensions even if they've been accused of police brutality. I think there are a lot of things that we need to re examine need to start arming the police for us. weapon against your own people there to militarize, they've proven themselves as a threat to public safety and defenders of it. a complete overhaul of policing as needed countrywide, Mayor bottoms has defended his taser, APD officers, but I strongly urge you to reconsider financially rewarding officers. More often than not, since a little fun. I really wish that we would take that money and we would invest in that in the communities that they target. I know that you're receiving a lot of feedback about the same issue. And I know that there are many other changes, actually policy that needs to be made. But I think we can start by not giving them so many resources so that we can curtail their overreach and their effect on our city. Please, please, please, urging the lives of the citizens concerned and reconsider the way that we are funding our city. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Talia carefully this And I would like to call to urge the council to defund the police immediately. There's no excuse not to. There's overwhelming public demand to be from the police. And yeah, that's just it, please do it. Please do it. Now. We really need it.
My name is Genevieve Trinity, and I'm an Atlanta native and also a graduate of Georgia Institute of Technology. I wanted to make my opinion heard about the increase in the APD budget by I believe it's a couple million dollars. I really want to urge the Congress people and the senators to reconsider this increase as we are seeing an inordinate amount of violence that is unacceptable on the people of Atlanta and I would encourage that money to be invested in other sectors of Atlanta as we also have a lot of other concerns such as the population of homeless people and the violence that is done unto Our trans community, our queer community, our black community, I would really like to see more investments into social work and education, as I think that those are the ways to ensure safety in a long term effect as we are able to provide for our society in such a way that allowed the enrichment of our people, both those who work in the forest and out of that for us, I think that this increase in budget should be put somewhere else, and that in more investments into the police, especially in some we've seen an increase of misconduct is not wise and not fair to the people of Atlanta. Thank you.
Hey, I'm Alexandra Boston, and I'm calling because I love Atlanta. And what I what makes Atlanta great aren't people. Please do your part to protect residents of Atlanta by defunding the police and closing the Atlanta city detention center. At the same time again, police do not make communities safer. Listen to black organizations and reinvest the stage funds into community organizations and social services. I also urge you to please adopt the demands of Unite Here local 23 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent furloughs. also adopt the demands of black community organizations, for moratoriums on eviction rent and mortgage payments and moratorium on arrests for minor offenses. And then an emergency housing for those who need shelter during a panic. Please make sure people's needs are met and that they're protected is vital for Atlantic City.
Hello, my name is Nick Kashi. I live in Grant Park. I'm calling to request that we cancel all police raises in the 2021 budget cancel that proposed 12 point $12 million raise and the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. canceled the proposed $987,000 raise to the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services, reallocate those funds evenly to city departments such as executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning and public works. Thanks.
Melissa McGrath. I'm calling to issue the statement that I believe we need to reallocate funding from the police to other areas of necessity, ie mental health organizations, Medicaid, foster homes, homelessness. Any one of those barriers, group organization organizations that help people with mental health issues, help people who are homeless, help people of the poor communities. And I think that if we invest in that portion of our society, it's going to ultimately make much better use of those funds and just eating them into the police who have a systematic brutality system that is clearly not helping things remain in order or equal. I am saying this is the voice of so many other people who are the people who are available and ready to do whatever it takes to see the defunding of police and the reallocation of these funds to other organizations. OK, that's all. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Alexandra Rodriguez. I'm the Fulton County resident and I'd like to make a request for the Atlanta city council to divert funds from law enforcement and the law enforcement budget to more crucial and effective community programs addressing education, community development, social services, healthcare. It very much.
Hi, Erica Miranda, I'm calling about the Buster is proposed police budget of 262 million and to earn 2021 as well as the hiring 229 additional costs. I think that this needs to be reallocated to different organizations in our city, public health education. We need to address our issues of homelessness, and the infant structure of the jail system. It's just There's going to be too much money sent in the wrong direction if we continue on this path. Thank you.
Hi, this is Alexandra Rodriguez. I'm a Fulton County resident. And I just want to make a request to divert unnecessary funding from the Atlanta police department to Atlanta public schools. Thanks very much.
Hi, my name is Lena Vargas and I live in Grant Park and I like to submit my comments for the meeting. I would like or budget for the police to be decreased so that we can spend more money to reallocate those funds for social services. Thank you.
Good afternoon. My name is Casey Chow and calling to express my concern over the proposed fiscal year 2021 budget. The exorbitant and unnecessary proposed budget for law enforcement will only serve to exacerbate the racial and social injustice as we see in our study, almost certainly contribute to the deaths for black people in our community. indulging nothing to decrease crime and will not make our community safer. It is impossible to deny the disproportionate negative impact of policing on black people. What is the ultimate mission of law enforcement or rather what should be the ultimate mission of law enforcement and policing it is not filling our streets with more severely under trained police officers, but rather creating an actually safer community and should be diverted to more critical and effective programs and departments that have a direct correlation to create a safer communities and resulting in less crime. Focus on education, community development, health care, including and especially mental health and rehabilitation and social services should not be asking police officers to service therapists, behavioral health professionals, mental health crisis specialists EMTs social workers sexual assault specialist child advocates, conflict initiators, right For keepers and traffic safety experts on top of their duties as a public safety officer. These other service providers should be the ones called upon in cases of emergency, depending on the type of emergency. In those very rare instances that one actually needs a public safety officer, such instances would be markedly fewer and can be served adequately by if you truly wish to create a safer Atlanta please divert funding and policing to education, community development, health care and social services.
Hi, my name is Mira bow, I'm calling to urge the council to reject the current budget and then amend the budget to defund the Atlanta police department and reallocate resources to community based organizations that will be more effective. allocating equitable justice, also defending get rid of the city jail and also to provide money for additional research into police killings that have happened throughout the city. I urge you to reconsider the budget and make a decision that'll benefit all the city members. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Alexandra Rodriguez. I'm a Fulton County resident and I would like to request that the funds for Atlanta for the Atlanta police department to be diverted to crucial and effective community programs addressing education, community development, social services, health care, but I do feel like a Atlanta Police Department need to be diverted elsewhere in Cambridge.
Hi, I'm Chase Follow me on calling with the metro Atlanta democratic socialists to demand the city council all demands of black organizations and defund the police code the Atlanta city detention center, and reinvest the same funds into Blackney organizations and social services. Also demand that the Atlanta city council should adopt the demand of Unite Here local 23 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent furloughs and Blackney organizations that demand a moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments, moratorium on arrests for minor offenses and media investment in emergency housing for those who need shelter during the pandemic. It is your responsibility as the city council to protect and support your citizens in this time.
My name is Melissa Roger. And I really think you need to raise money. You got to help communities and these people and to divert the money. You got to distribute it in a better way, and putting this much into the police department. It's not working. Please, please, funding the police and investing community and human life that are alive.
My name is Eric Miller and I am a resident in Kirkwood, and asking the budget committee to redirect all funds from APD into other social services. Currently, your justification of APD budget comes down to raises and the rollout of body camera technology. I think it is a mistake to put so much faith and more significantly resources into a PDS ability to fix itself. Watching independent review boards increasing bias trainings and rolling out by The camera technology have all empirically proven ineffective. These types of reform present an inexcusable drain on city resources that would be much better spent on overcoming the racialized income gap. Our city leads the country in income inequality. Moreover, what your frankly unacceptable proposal fails to grasp is that all police, including APD represent a threat to community safety and not as protection, therefore further justifying the budget increase based on pay raises and misuse the entire point of what the defund movement demands. over reliance on an increasingly militarized police force to manage such a vast array of social ills, is not only fundamentally nonsensical and high stakes situations is a dangerous thing too often life threatening and deeply disappointed with the Budget Committee and the mayor's activists lack of effective action. Now more than ever, as our city bracing itself for the sustained economic and public health impact of COVID-19. We need to think critically and creatively about how we might attend to the needs of those in our community most easily made vulnerable. With add making up to 30% of the budget, the city is greatly reducing its ability to positively intervene on the lives of its citizens. I urge you to reconsider the allocation of funding, short of total dissolution of the APD and creation of immensely better funded social services, public health, education and community. I urge you to reconsider the allocation of funding short of total solution that the APD and the creation of immensely better funded social services public health, education and housing being the most critical, the city must take the crucial first step towards a safer community.
Hello, my name is Daniel Schulte. I'm a resident of the metro Atlanta area. And I would advocate for like advocate for the re allocation of funding to education services and away from police funding, as I believe that there is an abundance of resources allocated to a department which end up misusing such fun and that those Funds couldn't be reallocated as before to education and other necessary industries, which are currently struggling with struggling to budget cuts on national and state levels as well local level and this would really allow our community to flourish in the sense that we could educate the and create a more verbose, understanding and educated populace. Thank you so much.
My name is natural. My comment, I would like to know if there is budgeted programs and housing for Atlanta's homeless come in regarding the paving of the road in the southwest Atlanta areas, cascade road Campbell and road Avon Avenue field drive
name is Jackie and I'm Atlanta city resident I want to call to ask her rather demand please budget because ideally the funded and that, uh, they are going to continue to be funded and protests are going to continue and they will continue. I would like to see them actually do their jobs and direct traffic away from protests and protect the citizens which they are sworn to protect. And many times there have been issues with people trying to drive through protests and constant washed idly by so it would be good at the cops could do their job a little bit while we try and get them to do their job. So appreciate you listening and have a great day Please.
My name is Shannon Carney and I live in East Atlanta village. And I am calling today to ask you to cancel all police raises and the 2021 budget to cancel the proposed raise and the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. To cancel the proposed raising the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. And to reallocate all those funds evenly to city departments such as the executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning, Public Works, etc. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Katherine Wakeman. And I appreciate the opportunity to comment. I want to encourage you to give our police officers are raised in this fiscal year. They are risking their lives being attacked by violent protesters and rioters and they are doing for the most part an excellent job and they really deserve to be honored, appreciated and paid well. Police officers around the country Trade are threatening to quit because of the crazy and that would be a disaster for our city. So I hope that you will fully fund the police department and give those officers arrays. Thank you for your time. Goodbye.
Hello, my name is Lucas Ervin and I am an Atlanta public school teacher for calling on behalf of Metro Atlanta democratic socialists. I'm calling to along with Hello, my name is Lucas urban. I am an Atlanta public school teacher calling with metro Atlanta democratic socialists. Calling to demand the city council follow the demands of black organization and to defund the police closed the Atlanta city detention center until we invest the stage funds into black community organizations and social services. I also demand that the Atlanta city council should adopt the demands of the Unite Here local 20 Three and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers tournament furloughs and black community organizations that demand a moratorium on infections, rent and mortgage payments, a moratorium on arrest for minor offenses and an immediate investment in emergency housing for those who need shelter during the pandemic.
Hi, my name is Jonah block Johnson. I'm calling because I'm deeply concerned about budget proposals for the coming fiscal year. I think it's wonderful that Atlanta has so many services to help online slip invest lines, but the idea that money's been taken away from any of those services, and city agencies that oversee them like the Office of Human Services, Office of equity, diversity and inclusion in the office. So contract combined and given to increase the funding for the police department is really upsetting. I don't know why the council is choosing such an antagonistic approach to relating to its own citizens. I think if you want to improve people's quality of life, take a lot of that money that you would spend on the Police and Crime extend the program to help people build better lives. You say council can save people's lives by doing this as well, thank you.
I'm My name is Dale. Jake's I live off of Memorial Drive in Atlanta. wanted to express my concern for the behavior of police over the last few weeks. And I feel like we are not being served by these people are put in a position of power to protect us. And I think it's reprehensible to expand their budget further and further. Well, giving them less and less accountability can mean so much to me and all my loved ones. If we found some sort of way to address that, that didn't involve giving them more money and Baby to redirect towards education. Thanks so much for your time. Have a good day.
My name is Brandon Partridge and I am an Atlanta resident. I'm calling to express my support for the funding the police department budget and routing that money towards other woefully underfunded departments such as public works, Atlanta citizens Review Board grants and community development. There are many city departments that seem to be struggling yet. The priority of the city leadership is reflected here in this proposed budget more than press conferences and posts on social media or anywhere else. Under the operating budget highlights of the Department of police services, I see 10s of millions of dollars online labeled other personnel costs and other financing uses. It makes me wonder what these lines mean. It makes me think about costs such as settlements doled out to victims of police abuse. So where does that money come from? Maybe one of these other categories And now have seen abundant evidence of police brutality. And I've yet to see the kind of response that would allay our suspicions and fears. We are afraid and we have every right to be we expected to believe that a fraternal organization that shields itself with codes of violence will ever speak up and hold itself accountable and you want to give them more more money, even though they have no intention of being transparent to the public raise typically is earned when you see results. We must seen these results to please have enjoyed and continue to enjoy an immunity from the repercussions of their own actions that is wholly counterintuitive to the ideals of justice and freedom. No one can be free when citizens are constantly bombarded with blow after blow and told that they can't hit back. The police habitually treat people like their cattle in reality, the other clients if you seek the traffic.
Hi, my name is Brandon Lawler. I'm a citizen of Atlanta. I live in Grant Park and I was calling to urge you to defund the police budget. What we are facing is just an insane amount of police brutality and excessive force. And something needs to change and it has to start with the budget. A budget is a moral document. And right now what it's saying to the people of Atlanta is that you do not believe in the people you believe in the police. That's what it's saying to us. And that's the message that you are sending. You need to ban tear gas, bayonets, tanks. Stop fighting your citizens. That's all we're asking for you to do, and to remove police officers from non criminal interactions with citizens. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Amanda Bradley. I was born and raised in the city of Atlanta. I am calling with the intent of leaving a comment on the proposed by for next year, what is particularly concerning to me is the amount of money that is going to police services and the Department of Corrections in a time like right now where all over the country but also all over the world, we're talking about police brutality against black people and over policing and over criminalization, it is very concerning that 35% of our general fund would be going to police and the Department of Corrections, specifically when there is very little money going to public defenders and to community development. So I would ask that as substantial amount of the money that's going to police to be I would ask that it be given to public defenders instead and contributed to community develop Many people are dying. Black people especially are dying. And in a city where we pride ourselves on being a sacred city for black people, as someone recently said, it, we're going to pride ourselves on that we need to do better. And we need to do things that would have left the black community rather than with all and then be dead. And police reforms, simply what police reforms simply won't get us there. When you look at a city like Minneapolis where they had a lot of the police have forums. He still has black people being killed by police officers. I would like to see in Atlanta follow the same model that la has declared that they're going to be following. If it's a non if it's a non violent offense. Then since social workers some therapists are trained to mediators if my neighbor has lousy And they won't turn it down. Anyone can handle this. It doesn't need to be a police officer. If they won't respond to a question. They can be fine. We don't need someone showing up with a gun who may possibly escalate the situation. Police also need to be trained in de escalation as is done in every school that I've ever taught. If someone wants to run away, you know how to find them later. Let them go off, burn off the adrenaline come back later and discuss things. These are all problems that we have solutions for. We have a solution to in our community we can continue to grow in the past and make it greater. Thank you.
I would like to see in Atlanta follow the same model that la has declared that they're going to be following. If it's a non if it's a non violent offense. Then since social workers some therapists are trained to mediators if my neighbor has lousy And they won't turn it down. Anyone can handle this. It doesn't need to be a police officer. If they won't respond to a question. They can be fine. We don't need someone showing up with a gun who may possibly escalate the situation. Police also need to be trained in de escalation as is done in every school that I've ever taught. If someone wants to run away, you know how to find them later. Let them go off, burn off the adrenaline come back later and discuss things. These are all problems that we have solutions for. We have a solution to in our community we can continue to grow in the past and make it greater. Thank you. My name is Stacy Kohler.
Hi, my name is Marissa Hannah. And I am going to ask that we end the meeting tomorrow in a meeting finance committee is meeting to determine the budget for Atlanta for 2021. And I am requesting that we defend the police by half but as at least 200 million Defend and demolish the Atlanta city detention center as well and instead reallocate those resources to healthcare or testing for Corona, violence and other needs as well as mental health services. So much.
Hi, my name is Mika Boucher and I'm calling to ask the man a budget committee, to please define the police close Atlanta city detention center and reinvest the state's funds to black community organizations and social services. So the man or girl that accomplishes Dawson, Amanda's Unite Here local 23. Protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to revamp our lives and many organizations with demand and motor fictions, rent and mortgage payments. a moratorium on arrest for minor offenses and immediate investment in emergency housing for those who need shelter during the pandemic. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Wendy trinkle. I am a resident of the Deer Park in southwest Atlanta. I have a mile away from where Rashard Brooks was killed on Friday evening, and like just a few miles away from acceptance versus used against two black college students on May 30. I'm also the mother of a biracial daughter, I fear for her life and the lives of my friends and neighbors if our broken police system is not completely overhauled and reimagined, I'm calling to ask that this committee does not turn a deaf ear to the cries of justice from this community. There are proposals for the reallocation of the 2021 budget for police services that have been put forth by groups like the NAACP, Georgia chapter, the southern Center for Human Rights in the black futures group. I ask that you take these proposals seriously. I ask that you don't move forward with the current 2021 budget to be a slap in the face of the cries for justice being heard all of our city and around the world. I love Atlanta. I believe that Atlanta wants to trust you, with our elected officials to listen Now how can we, for 20 more black people have to die for something to change. So now is not the time to move forward with business as usual. I'm begging you to make financial decisions for our city that reflect that the 2021 budget must be reassessed, and the demands of your constituency must be treated with respect. The people in your city are not just angry, they're scared and you're hurting. Please pay attention and respond accordingly. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Mallory Ziegler and I'm a taxpaying resident in the Grant Park neighborhood of the city of Atlanta. The actions of our police force and proven to me without a doubt at the police presence does not make anyone safer. Instead, book by inflated budgets, systemically racist bias and an arsenal of military equipment that have no place on our streets. More and more black residents are being murdered in our community. We demand that the APD bus be reallocated to resources that will better supportive fellow citizens. I urge the city council to divest in the police and invest in mental health resources, substance abuse counselors and other unarmed wellness professionals who are trained to respond in times of need. Our education system is underfunded. our city's roads and other infrastructure is literally crumbling. All while the Atlanta Police Department drives tanks to our neighborhoods to incite not to quell recent violence. as elected officials, your job is to serve the needs of your constituents, not the police union to maintain a stronghold on these decisions for far too long. Enough is enough to defend the police.
Sam Baskin, I'm calling to urge the city to reallocate funds away from police services and toward other community programs. The police department in Atlanta has shown that even with the entire nation focusing on police brutality, it continues to harm and murder citizens but it's supposed to protect. I think this is a systematic problem within the police department and they easily be solved using or cannot be easily solved using training. We need to take power away from the police and put it towards other services and our disrupt and change the existing systematic issues.
Chelsea George try to break down of the city's portion fund budget is completely ridiculous. There is no reason that we need approximately $200 million when they are killing black people on purpose and getting away with murder in the criminal justice system was built to harm black people in Rashard need justice. Period. Gray shard needs justice, do something about it. defund the police put that money back into our community into education and resources for our people and make a better, brighter future for black people.
My name is Secretary Dickey, I live in district one. And I'm calling to urge the city council to defund the Atlanta police department and reinvest that money in community safety and community led initiatives to increase public safety. The last weeks and months have shown us is that police actually do not typically they and luckily there are a lot of looking around the country wait for to actually invest in a safety. I'm taking the lead of Minneapolis and better right so yeah, they urge you all to vote to cut the cut the police budget, as well as closing the AC DC jail, which has been on the board for quite some time now and have yet to be done. Thank you. Have a great day.
And this is Dennis farmer says I've been living in Atlanta for the past five years and I strongly believe that you have to eat Monday or Lower the amount of funds that go into the police force. The last events of the last few weeks are only the tip of the iceberg and you know this better than I do and you have to work to an end, potentially even disband the police department the way we saw happen in Minneapolis. This is not acceptable.
Hi, this is Joe Urbina. I'm a resident of Virginia Highlands and I'm calling about the 2020 Atlanta city budget. I oppose the amount of funding that is being delegated to the police. An extra 13 to $15 million being sent to the police over last year. I believe that those millions and more should be redirected to community funding, which has given the smallest amount of funding. I think this is not in the best use of the city or police Prevent to not protect us and are harming and murdering residents to ensure that there are other ways to protect the citizens of Atlanta rather than further militarizing the police funding reform or preventing not hope, one day's crime or reduce police violence against citizens. Thank you. I appreciate your service.
Hey, Atlanta city council team. This is Amy Hayes. I am calling leave my suggestions for the 2021 fiscal budget. I see looking at the PowerPoint that's on your website that the vast majority of the budget is dedicated to the police department. And while I do support, law and order at the same time, we have seen nationally that policing systems are not working, and that they're pretty resistant to reform. So my suggestion that I hope you will take to heart is to reallocate a considerable amount of money, at least 100 million of that proposed budget budget to the police department and reallocate it to programs better within the department of grants and community development. I would love to see some creative solutions that help our community rather than depress creativity and hurt our community. Thank you so much for your work. Thank you for listening to this message and I pray you all are blessed. Bye Bye.
Hello, my name is Kelly Garcia, and I live in Atlanta, and I am calling demands that you amend the budget that is proposed. It is the conference to get any more funding. Need to actually put the money into our community and protect our black citizens lives. If you do not, it is a very clear representation of how little you care about the city of Atlanta and we will not have that. Thank you.
My name is Eric Miller and I am a resident in Kirkwood, and asking the budget committee to redirect all funds from APD into other social services. Currently, your justification of APD budget comes down to raises and the rollout of body camera technology. I think it is a mistake to put so much faith and more significantly resources into a PDS ability to fix itself. Watching independent review boards increasing bias trainings and rolling out body camera technology have all empirically proven ineffective. These types of reform present an inexcusable drain on city resources that would be much better spent on overcoming the racialized income gap. Our city leads the country in income inequality. Moreover, what your frankly unacceptable proposals to grasp is that all police, including APD represent a threat to community safety and not as protection. Therefore further justifying the budget increase based on pay raises and misuse the entire point of what the defund movement demands. over reliance on an increasingly militarized police force to manage such a vast array of social ills, not only fundamentally nonsensical and high stakes situations, it is dangerous and too often life threatening, and deeply disappointed with the Budget Committee and the mayor's activists lack of effective action. Now more than ever, as our city bracing itself for the sustained economic and public health impacts so the 19 need to think critically and creatively about how we might attend to the needs of those in our community most easily made vulnerable. With a DD making up 30% of the budget, the city is greatly reducing its ability to positively intervene on the lives of its citizens. I urge you to reconsider the allocation of funding, short of total dissolution of the APD and creation of immensely better funded social services, public health education and community. I urge you to reconsider the allocation of funding short of total dissolution of the APD. And the creation of immensely better funded social services, public health, education and housing being the most critical, the city must take the crucial first step towards a safer community.
Hi, my name is Amanda Bradley. I was born and raised in the city of Atlanta. I am calling with the intent of leaving a comment on the proposed budget for next year. What stands out as particularly concerning me is the amount of money that is going to police services and the Department of Corrections. And it's time like right now where all over the country but also all over the world. We're talking about police brutality against black people and over policing and over criminalization. It is very concerning that 35% of that Our general fund would be going to police and the Department of Corrections, specifically when there is very little money going to public defenders and to community development. So I would ask that as substantial amount of the money that's going to police to be, I would ask that it be given to public defenders instead and contributed to community development. People are dying. Black people especially are dying and in a city where we pride ourselves on being a sacred city for black people. As someone recently said, it we're going to pride ourselves on that we need to do better and we need to do things that would have left the black community rather than was all and then being dead and police reforms simply police reform simply won't get us there. When you look at a city like Minneapolis where they had a lot of the police reforms, these still have black people being killed by police officers.
Hey, Atlanta city council team. This is Amy Hayes. I am calling with my suggestions for the 2021 fiscal budget. I see looking at the PowerPoint that's on your website that the vast majority of the budget is dedicated to the police department. And while I do support, law and order at the same time, we have seen nationally that our policing systems are not working and that they're pretty resistant to reform. So my suggestion that I I do not want them to support or care Any more money to a dp if they are going to continue to shoot like men. I am not here to support that. And I agree with them bringing in new police officers without having a new plan to train them with competency level, a black and brown community. I do not support the expansion or giving any more money to a BPD and I'm not here for word. I am a staff Fulton resident, and I've been a Fulton resident by entire life and I do not approve or stand by this at all.
I My name is Thomas Davis, Zach, I live in Atlanta. And I just want to add my voice to those who are calling for redirecting resources from policing to community based services. I'm grateful for the changes that have already been made with respect to the jail and For all the people who push for those, and I know we can do more if we're committed to reducing violence and promoting accountability, we have to stay courageous. We have to defund the police. And we have to direct those resources to the people and organizations, Atlanta communities who know best how to make themselves safe and healthy. Thank you.
Hi, this is Denise. I live in the Kirkwood neighborhood in the city of Atlanta County. I disagree with increasing the police budget to this year. $12 million dollars per person on my own.
My name is Heather de Wald. I'm a new resident of Fulton County, Georgia and Atlanta. I'm calling doesn't really ask you to look long and hard. to reevaluate your budget and your meeting tomorrow, I hope that you're able to diversify funds from police services and from incarceration, to really investing in, you know, really those desperately needed social services and protecting the workers and also the residents of this community. I do feel like Mr. Brooks would be alive today if there was health service offering versus, you know, relying on the police and also the brutality and force that is coming with police these days, nerd I needed to do so the fun should not be allocated to enforce that those inappropriate actions they need to be diversified in the police unit to be reformed, so that we can get those special public safety services and health and wellness before that desperately needed. I think if your consideration I really hope that you do the right thing. Not only for the people in this community, but especially for the black people in this community. Thank you.
Hello, my name is kitty norwin. I am an Atlanta resident and I am calling in response to the proposed budget for fiscal year 2021. So there is a $12 million increase in police budget and I would like you to reconsider this increase in funding. In light of the events on Friday night is shooting a very sharp crook. I think that there is serious reconsideration about how the police department is funded. Please consider again. Thank you.
Stephen Jones, this is a call to the city council of Atlanta telling you that you have failed the black citizens here in Atlanta, you have failed them. And you can have the chance to ameliorate that to change that what you're informing other priests in there and they increase his proposed image in next year. budget, we have opportunity to do better by the citizens of the citizens of Atlanta. I do not want them to support or give any more money to a dp if they are going to continue to shoot the light.
Hi, my name is Emily and I'm a resident of Atlanta. I am really disappointed to see a proposed 13 million plus budget increase to the police department during this time of widespread awareness of police brutality as it affects black Americans at a time where APD officer just killed a black man just a few days ago instead of de escalating a situation. I and so many others in the community know that the Atlanta police department does not need more money. This does not make me feel safer to have department beach increased increase in funding So I asked, please, please, please cut the police budget super gently do not increase the budget, please decrease the budget. Please reallocate those funds instead, to the things that we really need other parts of the government like parks, and please advise the public defender, and community development. That's really important. Thank you so much for hearing all these comments. I hope it really makes a difference because we need change and we need it now.
Again, my name is Keenan Jones, and I'm calling to let the Atlantic Council know that to exhale your citizens, your fellow your citizens with police force, and the time to make that right now. Make that right now you're talking about a post budget increases to the police budget, and we're demanding that you defund the police. We're looking for full revolution we demanded. That is what the people need. The people need services. They don't need more policing. They don't need more policing. The streets that are not trained to deal with them. We need community service community planning can be reached resources reinvested back into this community to help them to provide for them to revive and reimagining what public safety can move for the city of Atlanta. This current system is not working and adding more police adding more money is not helping or training is not helping. People are dying in the hands of police officers entities own you, as duly elected officials to do better by the people of the city of Atlanta. demanding that you keep on the police. You're not asking for more cops to ask for resources to help the city of Atlanta and its members. Goodbye.
Hi, my name is Jessica Ma and I'm calling on the Atlanta city council to take drastic and immediate action to defund the Atlanta police department. It's very clear that police including those who murdered ratio of books a couple of nights ago do not deserve a pay raise and the fiscal year 2021 budget allows for far too much funding for department that is not in the interest of public safety. So I'm calling on the Atlanta police department to cancel all the proposed raises and to redirect those resources to departments like Public Works, probation officers and other services that actually build community and care services for Atlanta. Please take action now to ensure that no more black lives have to be lost. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Cassandra short. I am calling with metro Atlanta democratic socialists to demand that the city council the demands of black organizations and deepen the police. Close the analysis detention center and reinvest the funds into black community organizations and social services. I also demand that the Atlanta city council should adopt the demands of the Unite Here local 23 and protect her projects and workers to present or live in a black community organizations that demand a moratorium on evictions, when and mortgage payments a moratorium on arrest for minor offenses and immediate investment in emergency housing for those who need shelter during the candlelight. Thank you.
And I'm calling the metro Atlanta democratic socialists to demand that the city council follow the demands of black organizations and deep funds the police close the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest the safe funds in the black community organizations and social services also demand that the Atlanta city council should adapt the demands of United here local 23 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent furloughs and black community organizations that demand a moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments. moratorium on arrests for minor offenses and an immediate investment in emergency housing for those who need shelter during the pendency.
Hi, I'm Kayla Riley from the city of Atlanta. I've lived here for over a decade and I tuned into the budget meeting today and heard a lot of good marriage. Keisha Bottoms was saying about why she wasn't interested in defunding police and where the money was going to account for body cams, which I found questionable. I don't think that she understands the response of the people that will and I feel like she's muting a lot of the concerns and believes that body cams will be solution. When even women I lead in the council district, I just made a comment under fiscal year 2020 proposed budget discussions for June 16. many comments have been about to see a committed divestment of a large portion of funding allocated to corrections and police to harm reduction in community services. Typically crisis response within or in addition to police services, specifically whether it becomes part of the continuum of care for homeless homeless providers or any sub departments in the police department that looks like but commitment of funds and resources to harm reduction and community Crisis Response outside of law enforcement feels really essential and his main comment I have in response to the budget bullet to following along tomorrow, thanks.
Nike cap back if it is wildly inappropriate that at a time or there is a national and widespread criticism of the Atlantic Police are using excessive force and handling these protests that they would be given a $12 million raise their budget, which includes personal bonuses to the cop. It's ridiculous to think that bad behaviors such as the use of excessive force, firing upon a someone as they're fleeing things such as that would be rewarded with extra bonuses. We asked as it is way too much of our officers whose only tool is violence and arrest to then go and manage things such as mental health crises and helplessness where we could then be taking a portion directly half of their budget and reinvesting that into the support into like social services into de escalation task force into the community and john Creation into treating this anthemic that really been hitting our city hard, especially our minority populations. So I ask as a citizen of Atlanta, that you do not pass a budget that includes the 260 $2 million APD budget that is unnecessary in the city deserves a lot better.
Time each and I can open Midtown and I just wanted to voice my comments, as part of a vast majority of the community is also on board with the idea of reallocating the budget money to impact reality of 2020 and beyond and just to follow certain cities leads that currently have done so such as Dallas and Portland where they deployed more social workers to respond to many of the crisis and otherwise as well as funding into the public education and homelessness and public health care. So just take all that into consideration as well as looking over As an email that you guys have received, many have included links to those links to the information that we have researched ourselves, it might be easier for you guys to also gather and that is all and take into consideration what the community is asking for. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Jessica Miller and I am a resident of the cap counties as far as the 2021 budget, calling to ask for taking away money from the Atlanta police department, and investing in community programs that address mental health and drug use and homelessness. One example of a way we can use money is to come up with a program like Kahoot in Eugene, Oregon, that deploys medic and mental health In order to de escalate crises instead of police. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Tina Kimber and I live in Atlanta, Georgia. And I'm calling to ask the city council to cancel our police races in the 2021 budget. Cancel the 12 point $12 million raise and the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. And reallocate all those funds evenly to city departments, especially education, parks and recreation of like wearing city planning. And also cancel the proposed 987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. Thank you very much.
President Kamala segment and calling to add public comment and support of canceling our police raises On the 2021 budget, as well as the $12.2 million range and the general fund and 2021. Additionally, I'm voicing my support for the 987,000. Cut rate cutting the 987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services and 2021. As an Atlanta citizen demand these funds be reallocated evenly across city departments such as the executive office, parks and rec, city planning and public works. Thank you for listening.
Hi, my name is Devin and I live in Decatur, Georgia, due to the ongoing oppression of communities of color, or the Atlanta police department, I'm calling to voice my concerns and Lacey's issues. I'm interested in canceling all police raises in the 2021 budget. I'm interested in canceling the proposed 12 point $12 million raise in the general fund the Atlanta police Risk 2021 I am interested in canceling the proposed $987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. And I am very interested in reallocating those funds evenly to city departments such as the executive offices, Parks and Rec. City Planning, public work. Thank you for taking the time to listen. Please consider reallocating the insane amount of funds that go to a police department that does not protect our community.
Good morning City Council. My name is Joe stuttering I am Atlanta resident. I am calling to express my support of the community interest of reallocating proposed funds to the Atlanta City Police Department to other city departments. Specifically, I would like to express my support of the public demand to cancel all police raises in the 2021 budget. Cancel the proposed over $12 million raise to the general fund for Atlanta police services, canceling a proposed $987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services. And I would like to express my support to reallocate all of these funds unique to city departments, which more directly and positively impacts the well being of city residents, which include executive offices, pension, recreation, city planning, public works, and other such branches. Thank you for taking this call.
My name is calling about the post measuring changes and allocations for this year. And I wanted to add notes about the increased police budget and bonuses, which I think are grossly inappropriate right now, given the negligence, excessive use of force and violence being used by the police Specially the recent shooting of an unarmed black man just recently, and I think it is extremely irresponsible to use that money for further police budgeting, even from the training, those resources would be better spent on bettering the community. The whole time in Santa Miranda and I'm calling to please have the budget relooked at in the past circumstances over the past couple of weeks and especially on Friday. I am asking that we cancel all police raises and the 2021 budget. In addition, please cancel the proposed 12 point 12 million raised in the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. is cancelled the proposed 987,000 raised in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. allocate those funds, please evenly distribute departments, such as Parks and Recreation,city planning Public Works, please put that money into our communities that need it most. Thank you
using the code, prove to APD trying to do into communities more and more policing. Time and time again over and over as we can. Police don't need more for new any more funding in the community. nobody really wants to. Thanks. 
Hello, my name is Catherine Pugh and I'm calling regarding the Atlanta Police Department and the fact that they will be receiving a massive increase in Their payment as employers in the state with the new budget and the fact that Parks and Recreation city planning public defender and explored citizens Review Board plans and community development are receiving significantly less than the police is just unacceptable. The city Atlanta deserves to have money put into every organization and the police need to start receiving less in their paychecks and less funding altogether. Absolutely more needs to be put into the music put into the city itself. The police should not be receiving an increase they should be starting to defund it hopefully until complete. Complete zero has been what is given to the police departments that we can be restarted and a more effective system that actually benefits the people of Atlanta. Thank you very much.
Hi, my name is Rachel Fallon and I had to find his message regarding a proposed budget for the fiscal year in a Fulton County and I would like to formally complain about the proposed 12 million budget increase to the Atlanta police department. And I think we should be defunding police and then giving them more money. And we should be using money to invest in other things in our cities such as education, and health care and literally anything else you could probably think of to do with that money. Thanks.
Hello, my name is Morgan Hamlin, I'm here to give my support to money in two axes important safety and pensions. Moderator release, you can invest in higher quality education, mental health programs, social workers, survivor advocates and healers. And now is definitely the time to do that. Thank you.
Our says Hello, my name is Nicolas council gradually Emory University. I'm calling today to urge that council members take the necessary actions to restructure and city's police and I believe that the first step to this is defunding the police and investing in other operations that benefit the community, such as Parks and Rec trying rescued transportation and social services such as mental health and poverty, etc. Given the blatant lack of respect for human dignity, that our nation's and our city's police has shown we must act now to be fun to place. Oh, it was astonished to hear Atlanta police union representative Ken Allen, saying that the officer who killed ratio in breaths was an exceptional officer who followed quote procedure. This doesn't show that our current policing system is broken and I don't know what does lethal force it should only be used in situations and lethal threat. And if our current placement systems quote procedure involves shooting a black bandana He is running away and we need to dismantle and rebuild that system. I urge us to move on either money away or at least budget programs in communities that need it. No, I'm not asking to decrease wages. But I do think that we need to demilitarize and cut down on APD size. Reforms such as body cams and bias training aren't that effective, as we have seen, or Shawn Brooks is so dead, and the police budget continues to increase. Increasing police budgets often neglect other programs and harms for communities new colors only lead to higher rates of imprisonment, and doesn't address the underlying causes of these things and problems that we consider crimes. We must we must divest from the police and invest in areas disproportionately affected by poverty and a lack of infrastructure. I really hope that you hear this message and listen to what our city's asking for. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Sharon Lang. I was in Boot Camp 30305 calling Because the new proposed budget, specifically for the Department of police services is atrocious, you're going to give $217 million to a department that has been proven in competence. And then you're increasing by $12 million from last year. These people are out here terrorizing our streets or tear gassing innocent citizens and tear gas is prohibited by the Jim Niva convention. So I don't know why APD needs to be out here, throwing that at the people they're supposed to protect and serve. So I recommend you take a look at how awful the police are, defund them recognize that if anyone else was that bad at their job, they would immediately be disbanded. So take a look for yourself. Take a look within yourself and how bad you must Do your jobs to think that this sort of budget increase is okay. And then look at grants and community development and look at how little that is. And maybe think about why you're turning this city into trash because of what your leadership is like and how you misappropriate this budget and give more money each year to war criminals. Think about it, and then change it.
Hello, my name is Katherine Finney and I'm in Atlanta resident currently living in Virginia Highland. I'm calling to urge the council specifically Councilwoman Jennifer Ide, who represents my district to vote against an increase in the Atlanta Police Department budget. We must instead invest in black communities through both education and public health initiatives. It's ridiculous that APD receives 30% of the city's budget, treating crime as an inevitability that must be punished rather than a problem that can be solved. does not make our city safer or act in the best interests of its citizens. Rashard books would not have been killed, and the circumstances of his murder proved that useless incremental reform measures like body cam, and tasers would not have saved his life. Please reallocate funds and support programs and resources that will actually make black communities safer and healthier. I also urge city council to take immediate action to prevent protesters from suffering from police brutality. Atlanta city council should immediately ban the use of tear gas, rubber bullets, and found these weapons of war have no place on our streets, especially when used to silence free speech. Thank you for your time.
I'm Steven Nash. And maybe I'm crazy but if I murdered people at my job, I sure wouldn't get a pay raise. Not sure what that policy doesn't apply to the Atlanta police departments. I just really think if y'all Use your head, you could find another place to ship that money that doesn't give tribute to all around There's nothing better out there than the average member of the military in both countries, while our teachers struggle to find the supplies they need and our medical professional diaper donation, I mean, we just all have brain damage from repeated impacts and metal plates while driving over 10 streets. I wish the Balkans anyway rise up, unite and conquer and go jackets disinvited like
Hello, my name is Catherine, you've been scammers in the phone County. I'm calling to express my concern that the funding is going up by 12 million. It were while we're defunding the executive offices and the Office of transportation well the Office of transportation under public works as well as contract claims Human Services and immigration affairs. I would like to propose that we reject the budget and rework it to include things like the overhaul of APD recruitment, anti bias training, I know there's some community engagement already requested by the mayor's Task Force, but I think that we need to put those in as requirements, community engagement requirements. And I'd also love to see increased funding specifically for immigrant affairs and contract compliance. Thank you very much.
My name is Riley Scott. First of all, I'd like to start this off by saying Black Lives Matter and that the killing of Rashard Brooks by the Atlanta police department here in Atlanta, should prompt this committee to long overdue action. are we planning on increasing the police budget by about $12 million from the general fund, but we are also cutting spending from other services. We shouldn't be restricting and cutting spending from the police so that we can use that money and other discretionary spending areas and activities and can provide services that will seek out and root out crime and poverty, reactions of investment in intention giving, not through a system of neglect and punish In the budget, it says that violent crime in Atlanta has decreased by 15% in 2019, and therefore, that the police department deserves a raise. This is an impressive stat. But I asked you is this decrease in violent crime, due to the fact that these communities were receiving adequate investment and attention in order to provide the residents with opportunities for upward social mobility? And therefore bring about genuine change and improvement? Or was it because of warrior policing, targeting low income and minority neighborhoods, relying on mass incarceration to create a sense of a reduction of crime without actually doing anything to solve the problems? So I asked you to consider what are the social impacts of your budget? What is his budget serve and what kind of city Do you want Atlanta to be? If the past few days have been any indicator to people and this council, we disagree on what kind of city Atlanta should be?
Hi, my name is Matt Holbrook and I live in district five. I'm calling me to comment on that. budget for the upcoming fiscal year.
Scott First of all I'd like to start this off by saying Black Lives Matter and that the killing of Rashard Brooks by the Atlanta police department here Atlanta should prompt this committee to long overdue action. Why are we planning on increasing the police budget by about $12 million from the general fund, while you're also cutting spending from other services, we shouldn't be restricting and cutting spending from the police so that we can use that money and other discretionary spending act areas and activities can provide services that will seek out and root out crime and poverty through reactions of investment and intention giving, not through a system of neglect and punishment. The budget says that violent crime in Atlanta has decreased by 15% in 2019, and therefore, the police department deserves a raise. This is an impressive stat. But I asked you is this decrease in violent crime due to the fact that these communities are receiving adequate investment and attention in order to provide the residents with opportunities for upward social mobility and therefore bring about genuine change and improvement? Or was it because of warrior policing, targeting low end Come in minority neighborhoods, relying on mass incarceration to create a sense of a reduction of crime without actually doing anything to solve the problems. So I asked you to consider what are the social impacts of your budget? What is this budget serve? And what kind of city Do you want Atlanta to be? At the past few days have been any indicator. The people in this council disagree on what kind of city Atlanta should be.
Hi, my name is Matt Holbrook and I live in district five. I'm calling me to comment on the proposed budget for the coming fiscal year. I see that the largest line item in the budget for this year is police services and that there's actually about a 6% increase in funding this year while other departments are having their funding reduced. And I think that is just sort of a misalignment of resources. Particularly we've seen over the past few days and weeks that sort of police presence that is not Dr Charcot meaning I think that there are things that somebody could be better used for. And so, I would encourage you to take a harder look at that particular line item and see if funds could be reduced rather than increasing this year. Find ways to support more productive programs in the community. So thanks for listening and I guess have a good question.
I am calling to demand defund the police and invest resources for the 2021 fiscal year into building strong communities. I just try to make this brief on this calling can actually can consider be rejected at least reword the very least to include things such as the complete overhaul of the APD recruitment, anti bias training can be Engagement requirements and also addressing any line item purchasing military equipment. And thank you for your service. And I appreciate you listening. I hope you have a wonderful go tomorrow and thank you for your time.
My name is Timothy Harley. And when a police has demonstrated the training they received, the diversity in that force. They're lifting in our communities is simply just not enough. There's a culture of non accountability and complicity that leads to death of young men like rayshawn Brooks. We should not be receiving raises the department should not have its problems. We should be reallocated departments in our city that won't kill blighted land but uplift them.
Hi, my name is Annie boring. I live in district five I'm calling about the 2021 budget. I think budgets reflect community values and currently the largest budget for the police. I think the Atlanta city council mayor's office can be a leading city in reimagining how we can use funds to worship and care for members of the community rather than police them. So I would ask the city council members to really take a look at the budget and redirect funding from the police to transportation punching bag, the citizens review board and other services that really invest in care for the community in a way that policing has shown not to so much.
This is Kara Hutchison. I live in DeKalb County. Given the things that have happened in the last couple of weeks, I just wanted to add my voice to the people that are asking for three big things from the city of Atlanta. One is to defund the Atlanta police department and reallocate the resources. And this would entail cutting the budget for fiscal year 2021 for the police department by 50%. As well as by As well as reallocating the money that is saved from that until alternatives and community based resources, like the Department of equity, pre arrest diversion and other community control programs. And then also to not begin the process of hiring a new police chief until there's a council based on community members that can be formed. They can review their scope of work is I don't think that the systems are in place right now to ensure that that will be made with a fair decision. And then we're also requesting defunded demolish the jail and we're also requesting to fire the Atlanta Police Department officers who killed Alexia Christian officer King Oscar teen and DeAndre Philips. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Abbas. I'm calling with the metro and a democratic socialists to demand the city council on the demands of black organizations and to fund the police. This means defending and demilitarizing the police. And there's really no need for the use of lethal weapons when they've only been, you know, used for violence against underprivileged groups and specifically black communities. And we would like to see us redirect those funds towards black community organizations and social services, you know, community health programs, public safety, not police. I'd also like to see this close the Atlanta city detention center and demand that the Atlanta city council adopt the demands of Unite Here local point three and protect Hartsfield Jackson work is to prevent furloughs and organizations that demand a moratorium on evictions and mortgage payments and mortgage a moratorium on arrests or minor offenses. And immediate investment in emergency housing. For those who need shelter during the pandemic, as we have seen a 45% unemployment rate and the homeless homelessness problem continues to prevail during a pandemic.
My name is Kelly and Vega. I'm calling to express my concerns about the proposed budget for Atlanta in 2021. Despite all of the efforts that have been put forth by Atlanta citizens, and particularly been that have been led by our use, Atlanta seems to be moving forward with increasing the police budget, with the purpose of increasing police officer salaries. I'm a public school teacher in Atlanta and our salaries were just frozen this year. And we are not killing anyone. So please, I urge you guys to reconsider where the resources are going into our The kids were Atlanta desperately needs them. We need affordable housing. We need access to HIV preventative care, and housing. You don't need to be losing grants that are provided for HIV positive patients by the federal government. We need better infrastructure. And we need meaningful ways to move forward after Corona, as many of your constituents are facing possible eviction, and other financial constraints. So I urge you if you care about your city, if you care about the people that care so much about where they live, and listen to us and please do not move forward with the proposed budget.
My name is Julia Cordero. And I am commenting that I would really like money to come out of funding the police and move into mental health services because I have a child that's 10 years old and has pretty severe mental issues. And I've been in a position before where I had to call the police. And that's a horrible time to call the police on your 10 year old child. And yet there is not enough funding for other services for what ended up being a violent interaction. And I don't think the police are equipped to deal with children. I don't think they're equipped to deal with mental cases. And I could end up really traumatizing My child, instead of really helping him and I think that the police are not really set up for those types of things. And there needs to be more funding in other places so that there are other emergency response services that actually meet the needs of people. And is my comment. I would really like to see money, moved away from police and moved into other community services. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Ali port. Blue Hills. I'm calling to ask the city council in this meeting, review and reconsider a large sum of money that's being given to Illinois police force. I believe that there are a lot of other measures we could be taking as a community. And we're killing so many innocent people as a result of not appropriately. Training and in some cases and appropriately sending police on cases for which use of force is not authorized. I would love to see more of this money being devoted to mental health, or even community advocate. Help people that are in need more mental health resources, more resources for people who are struggling to be able to get education, access to food, shelter, clean water, being able to address the food desert problem. that exists in a lot of areas of South Atlanta. There's so many other ways that we can allocate this money instead of the aggressive over policing of our citizenry. Anyway, I hope that you will take this into consideration at your meeting. Again, my name is Ollie poor blue. I'm a citizen of Druid hills. Thank you very much. Good evening. I'd like you guys to redirect the police budget to not exceed $5 million. And all the rest proposed police budget money back into our community in the places that we need it. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
My name is ami Rodriguez, and a resident of Morningside I do not believe that APD should be receiving an 18% increase. I also do not believe that current proposed measures are sufficient to stop APD from killing it. unarmed black citizens. It is completely unacceptable that during a pandemic, when other services and especially schools are receiving lower funding that we are giving raises to APD. I will be watching the votes very carefully tomorrow and deciding how I vote in 2020.
Name is Mira Bo I'm calling to urge the council to reject the current budget and then amend the budget to defund the Atlanta police department and reallocate resources to community based organizations that will be more effective at allocating equitable justice, also defending get rid of the city jail, and also to provide money for additional research into tweet killings that have happened throughout the city. I urge you to reconsider the budget and make a decision that will benefit all the city Thank you.
Hi, I'm Tracy Follow me on calling with the metro Atlanta democratic socialists to demand the city council all the demands of black organizations and do from the police called the Atlanta city detention center, and reinvest.
Hi, my name is Alexandra Rodriguez. I'm a Fulton County resident and I would like to request that the funds for Atlanta for the Atlanta police department to be diverted to crucial and effective community programs addressing education, community development, social services, health care. But I do feel like those funds to the Atlanta Police Department need to be diverted elsewhere. I think very much. Good afternoon.
My name is Casey Chow. I'm calling to express my concern with the proposed fiscal year 2021 budget. The exorbitant and unnecessary proposed budget for law enforcement will only serve to exacerbate racial and social injustice as we see intersecting will most certainly contribute to the deaths for black people in our community and will do nothing to decrease crime and will not make our communities safer. It is impossible to deny the disproportionate negative impact of policing on black people. What is the ultimate mission of law enforcement or rather one should be the ultimate mission of law enforcement and policing. It is not filling our streets with more severely under trained police officers, but rather creating an actually safer community and should be diverted to more critical and effective programs and departments that have a direct correlation to create a safer communities and resulting in less crime. Focus on education, community development, health care, including and especially mental health and rehabilitation and social services should not be asking police officers to service therapists, behavioral health professionals, mental health crisis specialists, em Nice social workers sexual assault specialist child advocates, conflict shooters, record keepers and traffic safety experts on top of their duties as a public safety officer. These other service providers should be the ones called upon in cases of emergency, depending on the type of emergency. In this very rare instances that one actually needs a public safety officer, such instances would be markedly fewer and can be served adequately. If you truly wish to create a safer Atlanta, please divert funding from policing to education, community development, health care and social services.
Hi, this is Alexandra Rodriguez and the Fulton County resident, and I just want to make a request today and scary fundings.
My name is Elsa the boss. I'm a resident of Atlanta and home park, complying with the metro Atlanta democratic socialists to demand that the city council Paul dementors Hi, my name is Lena Vargas and I live in Grand Park I'd like to submit my comments for the meeting. I would like or budget for the police to be decreased so that we can spend more money to reallocate those funds for social services. Thank you.
Hi, Erica Miranda, I am calling about the posterous. Project proposed police budget of 262 million and to earn 2021 as well as the hiring of 229 additional cops. I think this needs to be reallocated to different organizations in our city, public health education. We need to address our issues of homelessness, and the infrastructure of the jail system. There's going to be too much money sent in the wrong direction if we continue on this path. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Alexandra Rodriguez. I'm the Fulton County resident and I'd like to make a request
Hello, my name is vacation. I live in Grant Park,
Melissa McGrath, I'm calling to issue the statement that I believe we need to reallocate funding from the police to other areas of necessity. I am IE mental health organizations, Medicaid, foster home, homelessness. Any one of those various groups or organizations that help people with mental health issues help people who are homeless, help people of the poor communities. And I think that if we invest in that portion of it Society is going to ultimately make much better use of those funds and just feeding them into the police who have a systematic brutality system that is clearly not helping things remain in order or equal. I am saying this is the voice of so many other people who I've talked to you and so many other people who are available and ready to do whatever it takes to see the defunding of police and the reallocation of these funds to other organizations. And I'll call Thank you.
Hi, my name is Scalia carefully this and I would like to call to urge the council to defend the police immediately. There's no excuse not to can learn from the police. And yeah, that she said please do it. Please do it now we really need it.
Hi, I'm Alexandra Buxton and I'm calling because I love Atlanta and what I what makes Atlanta great aren't people. Please do your part to protect residents of Atlanta by defunding the police and closing the Atlanta city detention center. In the same time again, police do not make communities safer. Listen to black organizations and reinvest the stage from into black community organizations and social services. I also urge you to please adopt the demands of Unite Here local 23 and protect her to Jackson workers to prevent furloughs. also adopt the demands of community organizations for moratorium on eviction rent and mortgage payments and moratorium on arrests for minor offenses and An emergency housing for those who need shelter during a panic. Please make sure people are not and that they're protected vital. Atlanta people
Hello, my name is Genevieve Trinity and I'm an Atlanta native and also a graduate of Georgia Institute of Technology. I wanted to make my opinion heard about the increase in the APD budget by I believe it's a couple million dollars. I really want to urge the Congress people and the senators to reconsider this increase as we are seeing an inordinate amount of violence that is unacceptable on the people of Atlanta. And I would encourage that money to be invested in other sectors of Atlanta as we also have a lot of other concerns such as the population of homeless people and the violence that is done unto Our trans community, our queer community, our black community, I would really like to see more investments into social work and education, as I think that those are the ways to ensure safety in a long term effect as we are able to provide for our society in such a way that allowed the enrichment of our people, both those who work in the forest and out of that for us, I think that this increase in budget should be put somewhere else, and that in more investments into the police, especially at some we've seen an increase of misconduct is not wise and not fair to the people of Atlanta. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Jazmin Burnett and I live in southwest Atlanta and I'm calling because I'm very upset about the police killings of black citizens. As the home of the civil rights movement as a city that calls itself too busy to hate. We should be leading on policing and criminal justice reform and not responding to yet another killing of a black man in our city by police. black communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people. Those who are supposed to protect them. Among other manifestations of systemic racism. Racism, point blank is a threat to health, health and safety. And we know we can do better than this and Atlanta. In fact, we're living in a time of historically low crime rates in this city. And the police do not prevent crime. They respond and with questionable success. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resources they need, rather than continuing to fund a police force to respond to crime that simply isn't happening. Given this. We were asking about the fiscal 2021 budget. One cut the budget for Atlanta police department by 50% to define the Atlanta city detention center, and three reinvest that save money into reentry programs, low income housing, and other social services. I'm actually graduating from Georgia Tech with a degree in City and Regional Planning and I would love if we paid you know, as much as Attention to anti gentrification displacement effort as we did to criminalizing black communities in our city, we would be far better results if we invested in people and communities and not in the police. So thank you for listening. And please know that the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in history. Thank you. council members.
My name is Christina Austin and I am a lifelong Atlanta area resident, born and raised in county. I'm calling to urge you to significantly reconsider positions on a PT budget. I believe that this is one of the biggest ways that we can make a positive change for our city. We need to pause the funding on them until we can really address the systemic issues in our society, the things that are allowing them to create wealth for themselves or taking pensions, even if they've been accused of police brutality. I think there are a lot Things that we need to bring in to start arming the police be used as a weapon against your own people there to militarize, they've proven themselves as a threat to public safety and defenders of it. a complete overhaul of policing is needed country wide and near bottom to defend the competitive pay for APD officers. But I strongly urge you to reconsider financially rewarding officers, more often than not, I really wish that we would take that money and we would invest it in the communities that they target. I know that you're receiving a lot of feedback about the same issue. And I know that there are many other changes, especially policy that needs to be made. I think we can start not giving them only resources so that we can curtail their overreach and their effect on our city. Please, please, urging the listener citizens concern and really consider the way that we are funding our city
My name is Alice Francis. I live in district three and I am demanding that the Atlanta city council defund the Atlanta PD significantly and redistribute those funds to true public service programs, such as public healthcare, public housing, public maintenance of our roads, or Park sustainability programs, and especially public health care. So our eyes have lived in a lot of different places. Atlanta is my favorite city, and we need to invest in the community because that community is what makes us Great, thank you.
Hello, I'm Jenna Chanel. I'm a constituent in the Atlanta area. And I have a question about the Atlanta budget that is listed for the 2021 fiscal year. I think it's unreasonable that our budget for a police department is $216.6 million and I don't want my tax be allocated into a system or foundation that does not support or me or other people in the community. I was wondering if it's possible for that to be allocated properly and about traceability or more allocated jobs that fit the police department description, shouldn't be able to call the police for any myriad of options, where there could be other options that this money could go into. I am worried as a constituent I am also worried as a student and as a citizen of Georgia and I would greatly like for my elsewhere and other funding. Thank you very much.
Hello, my name is Antonio Gill, I'm an Atlanta resident and voter and I am reaching out to urge you to reduce the police budget that is proposed for fiscal year 21. Specifically, I am asking that there be no increase and actually a decrease Police Services, both for the Department of police services and the Department of Aviation assets. These resources be allocated to other agencies that are being cut, such as the Department of Department of Parks and recreations and the judicial agencies to clear the judicial backlog in our system. Additionally, I asked the city council stick to their pledge to tear down the AC DC and demolish the building and therefore not allocate funds for fiscal year 21. to maintaining that structure and that facility, that facility is promised to be closed down and must be closed down. And all money allocated to that should go to other relevant city departments that are not the Department of police services. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Jordan Gayle. I'm an Atlanta resident registered voter and I'm calling to ask you to defund the police. I'm asking you to not have any additional expenditures in fiscal year 21 and to re divert the $12 million in Increase in APD proposed budget, reallocate those funds to other departments thinking fiscal year 21 cuts such as parks recreation and the judicial system and also asking that you commit to the closing and demolishing of ACDC as promised, very much Have a good day. Mahalo Mahalingam. I would like to cancel. I would like you guys can also lease phrases in 2021 budget. I would like you guys to cancel the proposed 12.12 million raise and the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. I'd like you to cancel the proposed 980 700,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta, Atlanta police services in 2021. I'd like you to reallocate those funds evenly through departments such as the executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning and thank you
Hi, my name is nk Anderson. I am a resident in Capitol view. I just came from an MPC meeting where the police were invited to come talk about some of the concerns in the neighborhood and they didn't even show up. And they claimed it was because of the protesting down, you know, downtown by the Wendy's budgeting that's extraordinary bad cop can take 10 minutes out of the day to address the residents who live very close to, you know, all the protests that are happening and the police shootings that have been occurring and showing our residents. And I think if the police aren't willing to be held accountable, and the communities are supposed to be serving, they should be defunded. And there are pretty clear demands that have been developed by a great community organizations like the NAACP and project vows and solutions not punishment collaborative. But put forth a very clear plan for how to reduce APD scope. So I just asked that the city council and of course the mayor, review those demands and make the right decision and hold the police accountable and put those resources really toward public safety and wellness, true public safety and wellness and not on accountable, you know, bloated police departments. Thank you for listening.
Please, please, please invest more into the communities rather than into the police. We should not be policing these communities more than we are investing in the community. Atlanta deserves more, please consider investing into education into Parks and Recreation. Public Defenders, ethics boards, everything goes there. There's no reason that police should have more money than any of these other initiatives. Please, please, please, Mayor bottom, please invest into the community.
My name is Samantha teen. I live in Virginia Highlands. And I'm calling because I'm upset about police killings of black citizens. It's clear, but our trans policing system doesn't work. And I am asking that the 2021 budget cuts the budget for the APD by 50%. defund the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest the money into re entry programs, low income housing, and other social services like education. I think this will make our city much safer than highly militarized police. Thank you.
Hi there, my name is Hudson McGee and I'm calling to ask why more taxpayer dollars are being funneled into the police budgets for the coming year, when so much of the police department's time is spent treating entire communities as if they're criminals. Rather than directing these funds into public services, such as Public Housing, Community Development, and social workers in services are proven to reduce crime and save lives by going straight to the root of the problem. Whereas the further militarization of the police and they come on crime attitude, does nothing but further exacerbate the problem cause infant deaths and fair communities apart. I personally cannot fathom why you would think in any way responsible or just to give more money to the broken institution that is police care at all about the welfare of your constituents. I strongly suggest that you rethink this budget. If not, I hope he knows You are directly contributing to the murders of more black citizens by these police officers.
Hi there. My name is Hudson McGee and I'm calling to ask why more taxpayer dollars are being funneled into the police budget for the coming year, when so much of the department's time is spent treating entire communities as if they're criminals. Rather than directing these funds into public services such as Public Housing, Community Development, and social workers and services are proven to reduce crime and save lives by going straight. They have the problem, whereas the further militarization of the police and they keep on crime attitude, does nothing but further exacerbate the problem, cause infant deaths and tear communities apart. I personally cannot fathom why you would think in any way responsible or just to give more money to the bourbon institution that is police care at all about the welfare your constituents, I strongly suggest that you rethink this budget. If not, I hope to know that you are directly contributing to the murders of more black citizens by these police officers.
Hello, this is Gavin someone I'm calling to the man. Thank you for bottoms, the fund the Atlanta police department, should we believe in them losing dollars going into the police department and not going into the into the community and into the public school system. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Leticia Gilmore. I'm a resident of the city of Atlanta and I'm calling to demand that near bonds and the City Council invest more into our communities and that we divest the budget for the police department. Thank you.
Hi, this is Rick Gaynor. I am a resident of Atlanta, my phone number 610-731-4193 and I was calling related to the budget discussions for tomorrow and wanted to request that the funding for the Atlanta PD Police Department be removed and reallocated to other services such as social workers health care, education, and other services that would better serve our communities and keep people safe. I want Atlanta to defund and demolish the jail and reduce the prison and jail population in the area. And we also need to hold Atlanta Police Department officers accountable for their actions, including those who have misconduct need to be criminally charged and we need to review any of the police officers that are currently in stated to ensure that none of them have misconduct that has been neglected in the past. Thank you so much for your time.
My name is Robert Dale, I am a resident of Chamblee, Georgia. I would like to have the governance of Atlanta. Please, please, please begin the process of defending the police in its current form, to stop spending money on militarized pedal gear for police officers. If we are to have any sort of police similar to the one that we currently have let them be trained in the majority of their time on conflict resolution strategies, not on weapons training. And what I would much rather see is something to be spent not on the police but rather on housing, mental health, education, job services, public health, things like that which can actually prevent crime, not making us even more of a police state which we are seeing far too much across the entire country. Thank you.
My name is Ada Sanchez blacklivesmatter defund the police. I find it incredibly ridiculous that Atlanta once allocates billions of dollars to over policing, as opposed to taking those funds and diverting them to community services such as drug courts, pp for city workers, youth program, all of the things that can make a city great and said, we have a bloated police force that does nothing because people now legalized slavery through the form of mass incarceration, and their violence is bullshit. Even the police just stand them and let's do something different. I yield my time.
This is Eddie to there. I'm calling about the proposed budget budget. budget for the police has gone up by 12 million while other departments have seen a decrease in someone who's lost her own quality that was great due to the copy using excessive force. And it has been a deep rooted issue that exists Test the last couple of years. And so there's not a lot that needs to be worked with our current policing system, they do not consent to give me additional funds to a broken system. More specifically rejecting anyone items purchasing military equipment in helping increasing in police funding. As a citizen, I want to see a complete overhaul of APD recruitment, anti bias training, community engagement requirements for reviewing citizen boards, adopting all of the eight Can't wait policies and implementing zero tolerance weapons being pulled in appropriately appealed to stop increasing funding federal assistance, and instead redistributing the funds towards redefining what safety looks like for all communities, including minorities and people with mental illness. Thank you.
Hi, good evening. My name is Wendy Haller. I live in like so. Many mid Fulton County ending my City County School District I'm calling to just voice my support in the sort of movement to reallocate funding for a police and into other initiatives that support our city in a different way. Elena, you know, the whole of the civil rights movement and we should be a much stronger leader, I think on police interest criminal justice reform, especially in light of what happened this past Sunday, Saturday, Sunday. I think trying to keep this a little short. The police are tasked with a lot of things that they were not meant to do. And we should take this opportunity to invest in programs that will prevent future crime and support communities with resources they need rather than to continue to the fun police to handle these issues. I would love to ask them petition fiscal budget For 2021, cut the Atlanta police department by 50% and defend the Atlanta detention center. And then lastly, we invest the state's money into reentry programs, low income housing, and other really beneficial social services. Thank you for your time and good luck. Bye.
Hi, my name is Stephanie Lu and I'm calling to ask that new significantly cut the APA general fund allocation for next year. 30.2% of the general fund for the city went to the APD in 2020. And I'm asking that the C reduce and other things that are covered in the general fund including workers comp and employment public defenders, Parks and Rec and Public Works received priority this year. Thank you.
My name is Niall Campbell. My questions last comment is directed toward the council member Andre Diggins based on your recent interview on msnbc. And convinced that the council is unwilling to reduce their monthly budget to zero or otherwise reduce it in any meaningful way. Our eyes to believe that there is an opportunity here to massively reform how we think about public safety in Atlanta. in Minneapolis, the City Council unanimously passed a resolution to replace the police department with a community led public safety system. And what's really interesting is that the City Council passed it unanimously. What are your thoughts on that? Is there consensus amongst the council members with regards to what should be done in Atlanta? And what are the barriers in Atlanta to adopting a model like this? Thank you.
Hi, my name is Michael Carr and like many others, I am calling to express my displeasure that it appears that the city council is going out And raising the police budget in Atlanta. The 2021 fiscal year was seen recently with the unjustified murder of Rashad Brooks as he was fleeing the police. It is truly not. The Atlanta police are not doing their job of Atlanta citizens safe and sadder putting them in harm's way. I know personally, I have felt less safe in the past couple weeks than I have in my entire several years living downtown because of the increased police presence. I strongly feel that there really shouldn't be a freeze on police proving any police on for 2021 until the Atlanta police department can prove that they are taking the situation seriously. They are making major reforms to the police department so that they will never have a situation like this happened again. They are guilty for taking that young man's wife and they must we hold accountable for because we attended a one to a pain decimate the city. City Council over here on the please to please not increase the police budget for 2021 to actually start looking for ways to peel back that police budget and peel back what is needed for police force in the future by expanding social services and other cities have done integrating non police responses to situations where the police will be called for situations like homeless that are certainly not a crime and need social support and not police enforcement. I hope that you will hear please not increase the police budget and start work again. I hope you hear this clean and make this organization realize that actions have consequences and we as citizens will not tolerate this level of police brutality any longer. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Kristen. I'm a resident of District two in Atlanta. I wanted to express my concern regarding the proposed $13.7 million increase in operating funding for the police department. As well as the $25.5 million capital budget for the police department, the proposed hiring of 229 new department personnel and the continued funding of the Department of Corrections despite plans to repurpose the city jail. And I think these departments have been causing ongoing harm to our communities for too long and the use of city funds to support this harm is unacceptable. I say the demands voiced by numerous local community organizations including project South women on the rise the solutions punishment collaborative, the Georgia NAACP chapter and more in calling for the following action steps regarding the F 21. budget. One Police Department's fy 21 budget be cut 50% by reducing APD scope of work starting with believing officers from all forms of quality of life policing. To that all dollars saved from the reduction in APD budget be reallocated to community based resources and three to the city. They'll be closed on or before July 1 2020. And that was ensure the proper allocation of resources necessary to demolish the building on or before September 1. I hope all of us here can agree that policing and incarceration are systems that are inextricably linked with the country's foundation of anti violence, and they have increasingly been used as solutions to social problems that would much better be addressed through equitable access to housing, health care, economic stability and other resources. And I look forward to seeing the city work towards the dismantling of these systems, and more just community. Thank you.
My name is Dee Wald. I'm counting the call and evaluate your work and also from incarceration and investing in desperately needed social services and protecting Mr. Brooks would be alive today if there were other services that are provided for public safety, like health and welfare checks, birthdays, police focused. You know, it's really what it is. It's forced, it's not public safety. So I will ask you what's best for the people of this community? Typically, block members. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Grace and I'm a resident of DeKalb. County. I would like to let the council know that I am deeply disappointed that the budget intends to give a $5,000 raise to police officers in the city. Given the events of last Friday night, you can perhaps understand what Senator Reid raised seems unacceptable to me. We have already tried police reforms in this country and the measures have not been drastic enough. fixing a big problem requires big and bold solutions. I am here to posit to you that reallocating some of the many funds currently set to go to the police and to community bettering initiatives to bring a higher return on your investment, adding more funds and more resources to a system that the public does not trust will do this city no good. I propose that the 12 point $12 million raise for Atlanta Police Services be canceled. That would be our community much more good to spend those funds evenly among city departments such as executive offices, parks and rec city planning etc. Your Community is hurting. We are a nation on the brink of civil revolution. You must find it in your conscience to do the right thing. This moment of history is very important and we must take drastic measures for our communities can be in shambles. I am imploring you to champion these demands. Our city desperately needs it right now. Thank you.
My name is Michael dryer. I'm an Atlanta resident. I'm calling with metro Atlanta democratic socialists to demand that the city council all the demand black organizations and deployment police close the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest saved from them in the black community organizations and social services also demand that the Atlanta city council should adopt the demand Unite Here local 23 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent furloughs and a black community organization that demanded moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments, moratorium on arrest for minor offenses and an immediate investment. Number two, the housing for those who need shelter during the pandemic. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Amina Mohammed, and I'm calling to call for the police to be to find it and for the reallocation of the budget to social services and community investing. Hello, my name is Colton nettleton and I am a resident of Atlanta council district six and a graduate student at the Rotman School of Public Health. And I am talking today to urge everyone and the council members to take the necessary action to restructure our city's police. And I think the first step to this is defunding the police and investing in other operations offense Community such as parks, direct fire, rescue, transportation, social services, mental health, homelessness, poverty, etc. And then given the blatant lack respect and human dignity for Hi, my name is Jennifer belko. I am a citizen of Grant Park in Atlanta, Georgia. I am advocating that we are going for the fiscal 21 budget that we cancel all police raises and the 22 and 2021 budget cancel the proposed 12 million raised in the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. canceled the purpose 987,000 raise and the airport revenue fund for the Atlanta police services in 2021. And I'm hoping that we can reallocate those funds evenly to city departments such as executive offices houses that house a lot of the city services The Parks and Recreation Department, city planning and public work. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Colton nettleton and I am a resident of Atlanta council district six and a graduate student at the Rotman School of Public Health. And I am talking today to urge everyone and the council members to take the necessary action to restructure our city's police. And I think the first step to this is defunding the police and investing in other operations offense Community such as parks, direct fire, rescue, transportation, social services, mental health, homelessness, poverty, etc. And then given the blatant lack respect and human dignity for Hi, my name is Jennifer belko. I am a citizen of Grant Park in Atlanta, Georgia. I am advocating that we are going for the fiscal 21 budget that we cancel all police raises and the 22 and 2021 budget cancel the proposed 12 million raised in the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. canceled the purpose 987,000 raise and the airport revenue fund for the Atlanta police services in 2021. And I'm hoping that we can reallocate those funds evenly to city departments such as executive offices houses that house a lot of the city services The Parks and Recreation Department, city planning and public work. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Jennifer belko. I am a citizen of Grant Park in Atlanta, Georgia. I am advocating that we are going for the fiscal 21 budget that we cancel all police raises and the 22 and 2021 budget cancel the proposed 12 million raised in the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. canceled the purpose 987,000 raise and the airport revenue fund for the Atlanta police services in 2021. And I'm hoping that we can reallocate those funds evenly to city departments such as executive offices houses that house a lot of the city services The Parks and Recreation Department, city planning and public work. Thank you.
I Hi, my name is Tristan and Vietnamese American resident of Clayton County and I'd like to express that I don't agree with the proposed budget increase. Or the Atlanta police department, Please spend that on social services social programs that will actually support our community. We've been cutting social social program funding but we continue to fund the police they have not served the people face listen to the words. India
Hello, the native born Atlanta memory center tech alum, thoroughly disappointed by proposed fiscal year 2021 budget. I'm calling to demand that AP be defunded immediately before any more black lives are lost. I have been peacefully participating in the Black Lives Matter protests for the crash Ever seen firsthand the way APD has been abusing their power for far too long. I'm thoroughly disappointed and disgusted by the way APD and Mayor bottoms have been conducting themselves and negligent display of both parties in wholly and directly responsible for the murder of Rashard Brooks and the continued grotesque police brutality inflicted on Atlantans on display for the world to see a proposed budget. It's absolutely appalling. I just did the rest of the Atlanta demand that can be reallocated to more productive social services and community enrichment. While thousands of Americans are sticking outside on the street tonight, and thousands more haven't had a healthy balanced meal in days and thousands more attending underfunded schools lacking basic materials and necessary staff. Thousands more are without a suitable community recreation center productive after school program, and thousands more without a quality public transportation system suitable for Atlanta's geographic size, up to 270 million To continue terrorizing the Atlanta community to ignore the demands. A Biggie is doing compulsive mistake thinking where there are people.
I name is Aaron libo. Skelly. I am a resident and neighbor in a community in pacwest Atlanta, miles from wherever shad was killed as a member of Jewish shepherds district. As a member of his community, I'm begging you all to please provide us with alternatives to the police. I need another number I can call. I want to live in a community that is safe for all of my neighbors. And that involves things like having social workers and medics of crisis responders, wraparound social services, early childhood education listicles on and on, and I'm sure by now you know where to find that information. I wanted to leave you with just one specific example. Because it's one I am personally proud of seeing as it is from my hometown it's a program of the whiteboard clinic in Eugene, Oregon. They're dispatched by 911. To respond to mental health crises. Among other things, they're able to de escalate situations, face please stop officers from emergencies that they aren't trained to handle. And they save the city millions of dollars every year. In the meantime, he is look to proven models like different as you build a plan to divest from APD so that you can invest in our community. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Maya Baumeister and I live in Morningside Atlanta. And I'm calling because I am very appalled and upset and disturbed by the police killings of black citizens, as the home of the civil rights movement in Atlanta should be leading on Paul policing and criminal justice reform not just responding to another killing of a black man in our cities by police. black communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people by those who are supposed to protect them. Among other manifestations of systemic racism, racism is a threat to health and safety. And we know we can do better than this in Atlanta. So we're living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city. The police do not prevent crime, they simply respond with questionable success. And so as such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resources that they need rather than continuing to fund police force to respond to crime that isn't happening. So with all that being said, I'm asking that the fiscal year 2021 budget includes three demands. So number one, cut the budget for the police department by 50% which to fund the Atlanta city detention center, and three reinvest the money for reentry programs, low income housing, and other social services. And I really appreciate you for listening and let me know. This time, I want you to know that the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in history.
My name is Deanna Walker. I live in Jefferson Park. And I'm calling because I'm very about police murders, and Buddha killings. And we should be nice meeting on policing criminal justice reform. Responding, we're having to respond to another killing of black people in our city by the police specifically massage rich Rashard, but neither traumatized European voters have been. Our people buy those who are supposed to protect them, among others. Patience is the systematic racism. As a product of Atlanta public schools. I think it's perfectly offensive that we have police in our schools every day who seem to intimidate black students at the school, as well as all students in the community. Racism is a threat to health and safety. And we know that we can do better than that in Atlanta. We were living in tempos. Berkeley, low crime rates in the city, please do not prevent crime, they respond. Often, they're responding correctly, and so they have questionable success as best. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will feature a supportive community with resources they need rather than continuing to fund a police force to respond to crime that isn't actually happening in our city. Given this we ask that fiscal year 21 budget cut the budget for APD by 50% in bond Atlanta city detention center and reinvest money into reentry programs to Income Housing, Community Health Programs, homeless programs and other social services is another crucial moment in history.
Hello, my name is Matthias Rand. I'm a resident of the capital D neighborhood in District 12. I'm calling to urge the city council to defund the Atlanta Police Police Department reallocate the resources to program that actually, I definitely hear that for every $1 spent on a development, we spent nearly $1,000 on belief, and I attended the mbu x meeting in which an officer from the APB was supposed to attend and answer questions and concerns the resident refused to attend at the last moment, because they were too busy terrorizing protesters on University Avenue or demanding justice for the ration for ratioed books. It was married by APD last Friday night. The only way for true accountability of the police handle them all together. And it's clear that their sole functions are to protect property. And terrorize residents, especially about black residents. I like to express my unequivocal support of the steps outlined by several organizations, including southerners on the ground. And the letter entitled redeeming Atlanta first steps, amendment 2021 budget, defund the APD. cops do not make our community safer. That money would be much better spent on community programs that actually work to empower residents. Thank you.
Hey, my name is Douglas Durham, born and raised in Atlanta. I currently live in the seventh sister, and I'm calling because I'm just obviously very upset about the killing of black lives at the hands of elite. It's a depressingly and ragingly distant feature of American life. And I think there are real concrete things that we can do to change that. There's there's many ways we can start to get a solution, but I think one place to start would be funding the belief anywhere from a little bit to a lot and reinvest that money in more proven community oriented solutions like widening mental health professional, the ability of mental health professionals to respond to, instead of the police from which they are not, you know, equipped to respond to increasing funding for social services, creating low income housing, there's a bevy of things we can do to address this problem rather than continue the indiscriminate killing of black lives by policing. Yeah, I live my life I care about it. I love it. I want to I want to see it make the right choice with the eyes of the nation in the world. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Maya Baumeister and I live in the Morningside area of Atlanta, Georgia. I'm calling because I am really upset and disturbed about police killings of black citizens. And Atlanta being the home of the civil rights movement. We should be leading on policing criminal justice reforms, not responding to yet another killing of a black man in our city and by the police. The problem that I see here is that black communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people by those who are supposed to protect them, among other manifestations of systemic racism, racism as a threat to health and safety. And we know that we can do better than that and Atlanta are living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city. So the police don't prevent crime, they respond to crime. And as such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resources that they need, rather than continuing to fund the police force to respond to crime that isn't happening. So with all that being said, I'm asking about the fiscal year 2021 budget include three things. The first thing is to cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50%. That is, number two to fund the Atlanta city detention center. And three is reinvest saved money for reentry programs, low income housing, and several other social services. I really appreciate your time and thank you for listening. Know that the world is watching your decisions. Please know the world is watching and decisions at this crucial moment in history.
My name is Georgina Cruz and I demand to cut the budget for a PP by 50% to the fund the Atlanta City detention center and to reinvest the money in re entry programs, low income housing, mental health programs and other social services.
Kirby Lamar. Hello, my name is Kirby Lamar and I live in Atlanta. And I am calling because I'm very excited about police killings of black citizens and the home of the civil rights movement we should be leading on policing and criminal justice reform. not responding to yet another killing of a black man in our city by police, by communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people by those who are supposed to protect them. Among other manifestations of systemic racism. Racism is a threat to health and safety. We know we can do better than this in Atlanta. We are living in a time of historically low crime rates in your city. The police do not prevent crime they respond and with questionable success at best. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in pro grants and services that will prevent future crime by supporting communities with the resources they need, rather than continuing to fund a police force to respond to crime that is not happening. Given this. We are asking that the fiscal year 2021 budget, one cut the budget for Atlanta police department by 50% can be found the Atlanta city detention center and three reinvest safe money in reentry programs, low income housing and other social services. Thank you for listening. And please know the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in history. Please be a part of the solution and not a part of the problem. Thank you.
Jason Paul. I'm calling to let you know that what you absolutely want to turn for the safety of our communities is cut the budget for APD massively over funded electrolyzed and defund the Atlanta city detention center and cutting the budget for 80 by 50%. I need you to reinvest that money. reentry programs well, mental health programs and other social services, please, that the police will no longer need to serve. Because the safest communities are absolutely those with most police to make it happen.
Hi, my name is Kristen shotwell and I live in Candler Park. I'm calling because I'm very upset by the police killing the Xbox citizens. It is clear to me that this will keep happening again and again unless something is done and I'm hopeful that Atlanta can be an example of positive change during this time. I don't believe the police are effective in preventing crime. I think we need to invest our funds and services like a banana communities when we really need I hope you cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50% to fund the Atlanta detention center and reinvest this money and B into programs, low income housing, mental health programs and other social services. Thank you for listening and please know that the world's watching your decision on cook crucial moment in history.
The African American Juvenile Justice Project, Miss campus, we are interested in the city of Atlanta defunded its budget, particularly to include but not limited to the use of and our partnership with the City of Atlanta public schools, for the school resource officers to define and we allocate such funding so that it may be used to guide students through restorative justice programs, teen court, mentoring and community based programs to dismantle this called the prison pipeline, we also have to remove most of the effort from the school to typically speak in the city of Atlanta public schools are not subject to the threat of mass shootings and or harm as many other jurisdictions around the country and it is not because you have so And it is because the students generally are not going to engage in such acts and the militarization of police in our public schools, creates an ad to the school to prison pipeline. So we want you to invest, not arrest our children, and to define the school resource officer. That is in cooperation with the City of Atlanta police department. Thank you.
Hi, this is Julia Rogers. I'm a resident of Decatur, Georgia, and as a student at Emory University as well. I'm just calling to add my comment for the budget. I'm requesting for the Atlanta city council to please de fund the police department as well as to close the Atlantic City jail and to put all of that money For community programs that are actually worth feeling the community and providing safety and other ways. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Caitlin O'Malley, and I'm just calling I don't think the questions I just want to know what you guys are actively doing, and planning on how you can change the Atlanta police department's budget and allocate more funds directly to resources that will be more helpful for the community, especially in light of everything that's going on and the murder of Rashard Brooks by the NPD. I just think that it's very essential and important that you guys take this time to just really focus on that and take the funding from the police and add it to other areas which would be much more important. Thank you all listening tomorrow.
Hi, my name is Sam Bowling, and I'm calling to request to demand that near bottom, deepen the police and invest more in the community. I live in Omid Park. And I have been my community members peacefully protest in and around this area. And yesterday in Grant Park, they were using tear gas in a residential neighborhood on a peaceful protest. These police officers do not have any training and they don't need more training they need less. They need more people who are able to handle mental health crisis. They were social workers. Honestly, I went over those work and I don't even do technically that job anymore. But the way that that teaches you how to think how to communicate with people is so beneficial. We do not need all of this 200 something million dollars, they don't need That please put money towards education and community and other community programs.
Hi, this is Sasha Humphreys. I've been in the Atlanta area for five years now. I'm just going to voice I don't agree with the increase in the Atlanta Police Department budget this year with about a third of the city's general budget being allocated to policing. We need to follow the footsteps of Minneapolis invest more in the people in the community. Rachel Brooks was killed by the hands of an APD officer just a few days ago. Bottom line is we do not feel safe and putting more money towards a problem or not profit. Meanwhile, Atlanta public schools are seeing a decrease in funding from last year. And the question whether you're always into people and care about investing in teachers need to have this money reinvested into social services to help minorities and those really need to see this money reinvested into low income housing reentry programs and mental health programs. If you really want to see positive reform in the city, please please to find the Atlanta food detention center in detail. Thank you.
Hi, my name Willie is wrong. I'm a resident of Old Fourth Ward. I'm calling because I am completely disgusted that my tax dollars are buying the equipment that police are using to terrorize their own people. This police department is intimidating, injuring and murdering the people that they're supposed to protect. And that is not public safety, housing as public safety houses public safety. Police Department shouldn't be getting any more of our tax dollars. We don't need more police. We need housing, we need transportation and we need social services. We're in the middle of a pandemic and we do need to get our priorities straight. I hope you do the right thing and if not, you're all getting voted out.
Hello, my name is Lauren Coleman. I'm calling because I would like to request that we defend the Atlanta city detention center in our budget and reallocate those resources. The AC DC as well as the Atlanta PD into services that will benefit our communities such as housing re entry programs, mental Justice, education and other social programs. I really believe that this will benefit our communities far more than the millions and millions of dollars we are spending on police who are not currently protecting us. Thank you and have a good day.
My name is Kimberly Scott share of neighborhood planning unit team. And I believe in community policing. Public Safety is the role and responsibility of each of us not just our public safety officers. As a result, I'm asking that the public safety budget include or be amended to include the following community policing grants neighborhood public safety programming training, city meeting attendance in court watch return of non classified police positions to actual civilians to increase workforce opportunities. implement more workforce housing incentives for Workforce salaries city wide, increase the budget process This review board and revamp it so that a TD has to accept and enforce the recommendation from the citizens Review Board. reallocate training and equipment budget line items to include more money for APD. One body cameras and cameras in every vehicle require the APD body cameras remain on the entire time the officers on duty increased Atlanta fire budget to expand the renovation of fire station number seven to hold at least one fire engine request APAB and NPU representation and the National hiring search and selection of our next APD police chiefs time repeated criminal activity at a property as a punishable offense and loss of liquor license. And lastly, allow for only one time for the license Review Board members including the Chair. Thank you for the consideration again my name is Kimberly Scott. Care of neighborhood planning unit.
Hi, my name is Amelia right. I'm a resident of Atlanta, Georgia and I currently am in district one. I am absolutely disgusted with the proposed budget, specifically in regards to the police. That APD is slated to receive 32% of the city budget. We need you to divest from the Atlanta police department and invest that money in community service. Research has proven that police do not make communities safer access to equitable resources. And the murder of Rashard Brooks has only proven what we've already known. Your cop do not have a skill set that adds value to our community. We do not accept your reforms or training. We do not accept your task forces, and we do not accept your inaction. years of data has proven that reform does not prevent police violence and discriminatory policing practices. Do not bullshit us with talk of reform, increase their budget or resign. Your job as city council members and mayor is to govern on behalf of your constituents. You are beholden to us, not to the police union and not to the richest Atlantans. If you will not do the job we are begging you to do resign from your position because you do not deserve it. Please defend APD Thank you.
Hello, my name is Taylor fraidy and I'm a resident of holiday Georgia. Am I going to comment for the FBI 21 budget remote listening session. I was requesting that for this meeting. I would like you to cancel all police raises in the 2021 budget or Wanted to cancel the proposed 12 point $12 million raise and the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. I would also like you to cancel the proposed $987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. And finally, I would like you to reallocate those funds evenly to city departments such as the executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning, public works and so on and so forth. I thank you for your time and hope to see great things come out of this meeting. Thank you.
name is Lauren ocean. I'm an Atlanta resident. I'm an Emory nursing student and I'm a white woman and I would like you all to consider to come. I would like you to consider completely defunding the police. I think that they should only be refunded when they can prove they will be truthful and keep us safe, which will include disarming in the military in the police. I do not feel safe with the police. out in Atlanta as it is, and I don't think that they should be receiving the majority of the taxpayers money while also causing so much harm in our communities, I recommend that we increase funds for schooling in in funds for de escalating de escalation training for the public. I also want to encourage reallocation of funds to social workers or nurses that can respond to mental health crises or domestic violence disturbances or things like that. And other people like that, who are better equipped to deal with these things in the police. I've worked in the hospital as a patient care technician for three years and I believe that I have more de escalation training for the police and I don't think that that is just a right or fair to anyone in Atlanta. I think that nurses should be making overtime pay or off duty pay responding to stay, or social workers, instead of police officers who are causing more harm. community. So I would encourage you all to completely defend to police until they can prove that they can keep us. Thank you very much for your time.
My name is Katherine Elmore, a partner during the proposed 2021 budget. I like many of my fellow Atlanta citizens, I'm concerned by the overwhelming multi million dollar increase to the police budget. Despite what brought services the current structure of the police department may provide with the actions of the ATL PD of last few weeks. It is difficult not to see these dollars in force that will go directly towards purchasing tasers to some college students tear gas to disperse on peaceful protests and guns to shoot slaying non violent offenders. Additionally, the proposed cuts to other areas of the city budget that provides vital infrastructure could become even more vital in these times of mass unemployment seems misguided. As more Atlanta residents are in risk of losing their homes and livelihoods. burden of the city should be to use its resources to support the community Do not for military grade weapons to be used and members of the community. I specifically request the council restructure the proposed budget to allocate additional funding to programs that develop community spaces and provide food assistance unsheltered populations. I also request funding to be directed to implement additional programs under the Department of Human Services, to work on solving the problems and underserved populations that lead to crime in our city, rather than to simply use violence to fight crime once it has already occurred through the police force, as the COVID-19 crisis continues to people that Atlanta will need more assistance from the city, not more policing. Thank you for your time.
This evening, I am calling on behalf of the City of Atlanta to ask you to invest more in communities and crucial at this time, there is a new way to create departments and more invested into the services, education and public health centers. Thank you so much for your time. Have a wonderful evening.
CB is my name. And I think that the urgent need to be nificantly dispersed and in the city and not to the police officers. Obviously, they're not doing much with it besides harming the black community in the black people. Atlanta. I think it needs to be taking a look at any, any change. It definitely needs to change the moment in our community, build up the community, build more culture and build more incentives for the opportunity for young black men rather than harming hurting and killing them. That's all. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Sherry Moses. And I am demanding that Mayor Bottoms invest more into our community. Rather than policing them, I am calling to request that Atlanta's proposed general fund budget allocated in the facet of removing the funds from the police, reducing those funds. And please let us invest in solutions review boards. Let's invest in grants and community development. Let's invest in the public defender's office was invested in the ethics board.
Mayor bottoms I'm urging you please use these federal funds wisely. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Sam fleagle. I'm calling to demand that Atlanta. Do you find the police please depart In 217 million dollars, while Parks and Recreation are at $40 million, and your police are just killing people left and right, you need to defund the police now. Do the right thing.
Hello, my name is Rachel Fincher and I live in Fulton County. And I'm calling because I'm very upset about police killings of black citizens in the United States, and specifically in Atlanta. Atlanta is the home of the civil rights movement. And we should be leading on policing and criminal justice reform. not responding to yet another killing of a black man in our city. But please see time and time again, black communities are traumatized by repeated murders of black people by those core supposed to protect them, which is just another manifestation of racism. So we know we need to better lives in Atlanta. We live in a time that's historically low crime it's in the city but the Things are not preventing crime. And such we need to take this opportunity to invest in programs and services to prevent future crime by scoring communities with the resources they need, rather than trying to continue to find a police force to respond to crime, which isn't working and asking that the fiscal year 2021 budget as one has cut funding for the country by 50%. To the ED Fund, the Atlanta city detention center in three we invest the same money in reentry programs, well income housing, mental health and other social services. Thank you for listening and we will all be watching how you make your decision about the budget and the police and personnel communities.
Hi, my name is Tony Smith. I am in Atlanta resident and I am calling to request that Mayor bottoms invest more into our communities and ls and policing them. We'll take a look at the budget. And for Spanish that is going to police in our neighborhood is just astronomical. And I'm hoping that she can invest more in our communities. Thank you.
name is john Miller with family residing in Atlanta, Georgia, and I along with my people demand that Atlanta divest from the police department and invest into the community. And when we say divest, we say divest significantly. The police budget is astronomical compared to parks and rec city planning public defender, ethics board, citizen review board, and grants and community development. It needs to be balanced, it needs to be evened out, and it needs to be divested.
Mayor bottoms. This is mama she's on one of the doctors actually here in the US and I just wanted to say that I don't believe after effort what had happened to HR books, I think this calls for a real policy change and I feel like even to take money away from everything that's going into the police in the community, we know that community from within can actually make changes while how things how we've seen things with the cause. It's not it's not the right way to handle things and clearly there's a very obvious social prejudice and social profiling happening that is not okay. And for that reason, I think that you need to reconsider your budget and how much money actually goes into the police departments. We really want that money to go to the community. Thank you.
My name is Shannon Sapna. I'm calling from Brisbane, Australia. Support of Americans in Atlanta citizens Calling for demand that man bottoms invest more into the community than placing in absolutely appalling that the amount of money that is going into the place and not the community, I'm not sure how he's able to justify having more people with less training, placing your community than ones that actually want to build your community and make it a better place. As an advocate in Australia, we see these things often. And we've had enough of these putting the community behind the police departments. disgraceful the amount of money that we have seen, that is being spent. Look out for your community and stop pushing hundreds of millions of dollars into place, invest into the community. Hi, I think that you should be The police, I think police should be abolished and loony certainly should not get $670 million. That money should be invested in services that actually help the community and keep the community safe and not propagate violence. So, again, please defund the police either slashed that budget or entire abolish the whole the whole thing and move that into social services like mental health and substance abuse and other social workers and things that keep communities thriving. Thank you.
My name is Daniela old and I am a Atlanta native. Been here my whole life. And I'm calling because I'm extremely concerned about the funds that are being given to the police department. I really urge the city of Atlanta to look at me Three, adjust the budget and decrease the funding that they're pouring into police in our communities and put that funding elsewhere. I've worked with nonprofits for years in the metro Atlanta area and have seen how working in the community grassroots development and you know, youth development, you know, being able to consider mental health and other options and other things that are needed in the community, homelessness and things that are just not funded or considered as much as policing. And policing is not saving our lives. policing is not saving our lives as it should. And it's not protecting the feminine in the way that it failed it is. And so they need to take away the funding to put it into other places where that funding could really be used. There's a lot of attention in the funding public, public school, and been through the public school system here in metro Atlanta in this public school. Defending, no health system is funded well. We also have, you know, gaps in all kinds of public services and so I really think that they should divest in the Hellenic police department and put money into the communities. Again, Piniella Gaby. Atlanta native if you want to follow up my numbers 404-496-1034. I've completed my I stated it and thank you.
Veronica Vergara we the people demand, divest from the Atlanta police department and invest into the community.
Hi, my name is Sam Tupac and I am calling to demand that you take some of the money, a large amount of the money that is that is proposed for police budget and put it into communities instead, we need to be investing in communities not policing. Veronica Vergara We the People demand that the city of Atlanta divest from the Atlanta police department and invest into the community. This message is for me a Keisha bottoms.
My name is Deanna green. I'm calling because I demand that the city invest more into our communities, such as the school system, Park, recreation centers, and city planning for events. Unfortunately, have far too long The city has invested into the police department. However, it is very damaging. The budget is over 217 million dollars and that is your stickiness. We have seen how corrupt the police system is. And I demand that the 270 million be put into our schools so that our children can have a better education because they are our future. Stop trying to police the city by putting these cops on the street. Instead, let's build up a community of Atlanta.
Last Sam Fisher I'm calling because the five best meal in a police department invest in the community in which much money going to the police and you can clearly see what they're making use of the money and which is killing black people. So I would like for you to buy this from the Atlanta police department. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Jerry Thompson. I'm a longtime city of Atlanta resident, homeowner, taxpayer. I love the city at deep concerns about police brutality and the effects of overspending and militarizing our police department. While we lack the resources for homelessness, addiction, mental health, desert education, and city planning and infrastructure, in addition to the funding and reallocating the police budget, I would also like to see Atlanta lead the way in On the strict form, such as demilitarisation and the reforms in campaign zero. However, reforms alone are like putting a new roof on a house, the foundation problem, there has to be a foundational reimagining of policing an event. And that begins with the budget, creating room for new departments, new social services for our citizens. We have an opportunity for Atlanta to become a leader in caring for citizens, and a model for the nation. Thank you for your time.
Hi, my name is Nina Dutton. And I'm in Atlanta resident and city council district two in light of the militarized police presence in recent protests as well as an ongoing history of violence inflicted by police on the public. I'm urging the city of Atlanta to divest from police incarceration and punishment and instead invest in community care. The police department is tasked with work that does not need to be done by police, and especially not by officers with deadly weapons, routine traffic stops and an interaction with unhoused people are two examples of such work that does not need to be done by a militarized police department. We can immediately reduce harm to our community by reducing the scope and militarization of our police department.
I would like to see the city of Atlanta drastically decrease the amount of money budgeted for the police in 2021. The funds made available should instead be invested in ways to benefit our communities, such as local health clinics, child care, elder care how to patients stainable food sources COVID-19 emergency relief, energy efficiency, and sustaining workforces for these sectors and more. To get into some specifics, I'd like to quote from a letter titled redeeming Atlanta for steps submitted by a group of grassroots and advocacy organizations who are present Elena's black brown or an LGBTQ residents in aflutter. These grassroots and advocacy groups make the fall policy recommendations which fall into three categories. One defund APD and reallocate the resources. The city should establish a reimagining public safety plan creating a five to seven year plan to dismantle APD and build a new community based community controlled public safety system. The department's fy 2021 budget should be cut 50% by reducing as well as a number of other recommendations category. The next category is to defund and demolish the jail. The third is justice for people. I support all of these budget and policy recommendations. In short, it's time to defund waste is fully from AC DC and invest in community care. Thank you.
This message is for Mayor bottom in reference to the budgets that have been put in place for the city of Atlanta. We're asking that you be fund the police and contribute that money to other programs around the Atlanta community. 217.6 million is being invested into the police, when it should be spread around between other programs like Parks and Recreation city planning public defenders as explore citizens Review Board grants and community development. Those are the programs that need that money allocated to them to look into this, and see that this is the best way to help the Atlanta community. My name is Monique green.
Hello, my name is Jorge Ramirez. And I'm calling for the man that Mayor bottom beef be fun for the Atlanta police department and instead, invest that money into our community. How about investing more in our education, investing in our city, investing in activities, investing and so many more things that can make people grow, to become better human being than spending money on policing them and terrorizing communities that, in the end, criminalized them and as we've seen in the past month and over the past decade, is unfairly affecting the black population of Atlanta and our country. I think it would be lovely and a great example to the rest of the country of Atlanta defunded the police and instead divested and reinvested that money into our communities. We consider defunding the police. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Julie. I attended Emory University located in Atlanta, and I'm calling because I'm very upset about the police killing the black citizens. As the home of the Civil Rights event, we should not be leading on policing criminal justice reform. We should be leading on political policing criminal justice reform, not responding to yet another telling of a black man in our city by clean. You're living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city. Please don't spend time to respond and with questionable success as such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime and supporting communities with the resources they need. Given this, we are asking that the fiscal year 2021 budget cut the budget for Atlanta Police Department 50% defund Atlanta to the detention center and reinvest money in re entry programs, income housing and other social services. Thanks for listening and please tell the world watching your decision. that's crucial moments.
Hi, my name is Dan across skill I'm calling to ask that the council divest from the Police Department and invest in the community. We've seen enough police killing and complete impunity is enough now and the council needs to take action to divest the killer cop force and invest in communities that people that voted for this council. Thank you. Bye bye
My name is Trey Kirby. I live in little five points and I'm just calling to say you have to defund the police immediately defund and disarm the police immediately.
Hi, my name is Lucy dodi. I'm calling to implore the Atlanta city council to cut the Atlanta Police Department budget by 50%. Using that 180 million dollars that would be available to reinvest in reentry programs to secure affordable housing that was never held accountable from the beltline project evaporated into thin air and health programs and additional social services. The existing budget as its proposed will fund an Atlanta police officer at 6.7 times the rate that will fund in Atlanta public school child in the system and that shows what you care about. So if you are honored to serve us, then you need to make some changes.
I'm calling as an Atlanta homeowner, and demanding that our taxes be put towards community grants, and neighborhood budgeting. And we don't go through with a proposed budget increase for policing, and would hope that our city would start looking towards reforms similar to San Francisco, where we have a different response unit for nonviolent crimes and that armed police won't be showing up anymore at non violent incidents. And really don't want more of my taxes going towards them. militant policing should not be supported in Atlanta. We need to set an example for everybody else. So we are the star of the South. This is where it's a huge issue. I grew up in the system my whole life in Atlanta, has seen it through the red dogs and everything else and we need to stop giving the police as much money as they're getting. They're taking way too much. It needs to be building up our communities, not policing them. Thank you. This is Ben Kilmer.
My name is Samuel Landis, and I'm a resident of the West five neighborhood. I'm asking that you redirect money away from alien NPD and the following social services including community development, code relief, education, parks and rec art, as well as other targeted support for marginalized communities. I noticed that in the 2021 budget proposal that the police department is receiving a 5.90% increase from 2020 in while many other services are receiving cuts to their budgets, in light of these events, I believe it is Very important, a pleasing beacon prayer prioritized relative to spending on other programs that are proven to promote safe and equitable communities. It's important that we take preventative measures rather than reactionary methods only. Our requests that emergency meeting be called before the fiscal year goes into effect or to deny the mayor's proposed budget and reallocate the funds to resources that citizens can benefit from. Thank you for your time.
Hi, my name is Jason Mossad. And I am calling to demand action and have the city of Atlanta divest from the Atlanta from the Atlanta police department and invest into the community and reapportioned those funds to start helping with such as health care, education, etc. Thank you Very much Have a nice day.
My name is Cali Gooding and I'm calling to ask you to commit to putting more money towards helping the people of Atlanta than you are policing the people. People are out in the streets demanding justice demanding. underfunding. Please, please listen to the people. You need to help your community. It's important than it is to police them. You wouldn't need to police them if you would help them.
Hi, my name is Morocco Cummings, and I'm a lifelong resident of Atlanta, Georgia. Jones for address 2178 on male drive. This goes through those 331. I'm reaching out because it has come to my attention that the proposed fy 21 budget includes a 5.9 increase for the Atlanta police department. I am asking that the money be redirected away from the police into social services such as community that element Fair and Equal Education, mental health services for marginalized communities, more social workers and better job access. I personally find it absolutely absurd that teachers are forced to pay for their own classroom supplies, but beliefs are being hidden in hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of riot gear of the peaceful protesters. Aside from this, studies have shown that police reform does not work policing as we know it is an inherently racist structure and without structural change that cannot be simply reformed. Furthermore, it's saddening and disturbing. thousands of children across Atlanta are in schools that have police presence every day that do not have counselors, social workers, nurses or other basic services that could prevent police intervention. Given Atlanta 32.4% black population and the disproportionate rate of police brutality and arrest against black citizens. The level of policing in the city is absolutely unacceptable. Either It's critical that policing be de prioritized relative to spending on social programs that are actually proven to promote safe and equitable communities. As I mentioned, efforts towards reforming the police have been largely unsuccessful not just in Atlanta but across the country. It's time we try something behind I'm requesting an emergency meeting to be called before the fiscal year goes into effect in order to the nine mayor's proposal budget and reallocate those funds towards resources that citizens can actually benefit from.
Hello, my name is Nicholas Blevins and I'm demanding that Mayor bottoms invest more into the community as in grants that community development review board the ethics board, city planning and production rec do not invest $200 million into the police department. diversify. That is all for now.
How are you? My name is Jessica mask. And I'm calling about the proposed budget hearing. I won't take up the full two minutes because I'm sure you're going to get a lot of comments. But absolutely, and this is proven by many angles of video coming out in the news right now, the police needs to be divested and used to reinvest the money in your communities, in different types of systems that you currently have in place. And use this as an opportunity to follow suit of some of the biggest cities in the world in the United States, including San Francisco, including areas of Chicago and AD, a type of department that could help people or social services department, parks and rec for the kids. Social Services showed up at a late night traffic stop of someone taking refuge sleeping in their cars, then you would not have the issues that you have on your hands in the world wouldn't have the issues that we have on our hands. So right now is the time to take it Look in the mirror and make those changes. Because if you don't, then you're not serving your constituents. And if you don't, then there's no way in your heart that you're representing the people that have elected you. And they're not going to be happy about that. I'm sure, I'm sure, but it's not going over well. So, anyway, this is my call to action for you please de fund the police and reinvest that money into the other very small budget items that you have, including Parks and Rec city planning, the ethics board, and more social services program. Thank you very much.
My name is Elizabeth Johnson. I'm calling to demand that Mayor bottoms invest more money into our communities and policing them. We don't need 217 point $217.6 million going into policing our communities. We need more money in parks and recreation, city planning, all of those things that are going to help our communities instead of these two slippin police officers going into our communities killing black men, unarmed black men in demand that Mayor bottom invest more money into our communities then policing them. I'm calling to make sure that you're divest from the police department and invest into the community. 217.6 million going to the police department and almost nothing going to the community needs cannot happen. As a people we demand that youth divest from the police department and reinvest the money into the community needs. Especially community development, any planning, citizens Review Board ethics, all of that needs the money, not the police, the fund the police.
Hi, my name is Claire Choi, and I'd like to put a public comment on the fiscal budget for the upcoming year. I think that the police budgets are too high. And these resources should be put into community initiatives such as education, housing, mental health, especially. I think that the police have had an overloaded budget for far too long. And this has not resulted in good relations with policing. And I don't think that giving them higher salaries will do anything to ameliorate the situation going on in America right now and in Atlanta. So I would like to respectfully submit my opinion and I hope that you take into consideration Thank you.
Madison, Atlanta police department does not need more to help them to feel in a simple people They definitely don't need to propose the amount of money has that budget should go to crisis network or teams to respond to non emergency numbers where there are not violent crimes taken place. Because as we have seen, when the police show up to a situation that could easily be solved, just by another means it turns deadly. And enough is enough nearby them. We are depending on you to use the budget to help and to protect all innocent.
Hello, my name is Shawn cleaver. I live in the city council district. And I am no longer willing to accept incremental change to our system of policing the law Going into excessive violence and gun in my name. Too many lives have been lost. To me families traumatized and this moment is budget for women a miserable opportunity to re envision approach to public safety. Water police force to expand beyond recognition are responsible for handling cases and crazies that are students professionals trained in de escalation and able to offer them social services at the root of the problems at hand, rather than relying on violence and force to bury the problems away. The truth is, we're living in a time of historically low crime rates in the city. The police do not prevent crime and with questionable success at best. As such, we should take this opportunity to invest in programs and services that will prevent future crime and supporting communities with the resources they need. Rather than continuing to increase funding for police, even as crime rates fall, given this work asking the fiscal year 2021 budget, one, cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50% to fully fund the detention center and three reinvestment money saved in reentry programs, low income housing, and other social services. Thank you for listening. And please note the world is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in history.
This is Emily torchlight nada. I'm in Atlanta. And my message is that the city council needs to completely rethink the proposed budget for fiscal year 2021. A $2 million increase in funding for the police department is exactly the wrong thing to be doing at this time. Instead, the council needs to be dramatically increasing funding for vital social programs that have been cut that helped provide mental health services housing from distance disaster prepare equity, diversity and inclusion, education after school programs, restorative justice and alternative dispute resolution. These are all more effective community based strategies for reducing crime and increasing safety. We also need to end the over criminalization of black trans queer and increasing police salaries, providing more training and more militarized equipment has not ensured a more effective police force. Please stop making the same decisions and expecting a different outcome. what you've been doing hasn't been working. And if you need proof of that on Friday, the Atlanta police added Rashard Brooks's name to the list of black men and women killed by police here. You have an opportunity to do the right thing now. Please do so. We're all watching. Thank you.
Juliana Kagan, joining Li a and then a change g h Either I think, you know the education in our main police department they have enough for what they need to do, and they could probably do a lot. Let us achieve our motto live up to it in the city to improve in ourselves. Thank you.
Enter the message regarding the changes to the SI 21 budget that is allocating assertiveness funds to the APD. In light of recent events, this decision needs to be reevaluated we should be looking for ways to decrease the capacity for rewarding people for breaking the social contract. And the engineering This is referred to as scope creep is a subtle process that stretches from adjustments for a project and ended up with an unknowable finding is not a mystery and showing your church if those 13 projects have creeped into domains which none basically is a mental health, homelessness, security etc. The discharge documents will be life today somebody without a gun person to invest a rather than to heavily rely on guns should be used as a last resort, never not an immediate danger, and should never have resorted to shooting most people's into an innocent man's attitude running away from them after not committing the crime. He shouldn't be at home but instead he was murdered. The vast majority of police work and redistribute the institution better equipped to handle these complex issues with more grace and less internalized by social workers caseworkers and mental health officials. last few weeks have shown we have a problem allocating employees too much power and domains during non violent protests against police using excessive force heavily armed and militarized police continually use excessive force was made 2000 reports and people are unarmed protesters. We need to leave messages and constant lack of accountability, please, any additional resources, we need to significantly cut the money already allocated to the police and funnel it into community resources to create adequate health care, education and access to jobs, to be empowering our community and keeping our government institutions in their individual sandboxes not allowing one kid to stomp around and all the sandboxes ruining the playground for everyone. Because faking it metaphor society's behaviors. APD has illustrated in the most recent classic, unacceptable and dangerous that children take their toys and hit other children with them to take away the toys that give them even bigger toys and allow us
Hi, my name is Erica nation. I'm a resident of Fulton County, just looking at the budget request that in the funding of 217 million dollars going into the police it's just not enough to spread out back into the community. So We'd love for you all to take a look at the way that you all are spending money on our policing department in really reinvest that money back into the community. Thank you.
My name is Christopher hoarder from Arizona. I am appalled at how high budgets are for the police, mostly for weaponry. I mean, to see how little is going into the community, and I think the more money in the community and to the people, and we've seen it in other places in the world believes your men don't use in violence goes down. And I think what's holding you carrying weapons. I know I'm afraid I'm a white person, but I'm still I'm afraid and I feel escalated when they're around and someone that's already dealing with a situation Where they might, you know receive some kind of reprimand is going to be that much more nervous. I just think the money should be put back into education and programs to help communities to not get into those types of crimes and definitely down for police cutting down the forest and getting professionals that are able to handle the escalations and if anything, putting my into more training for police. So they're coming into a situation, knowing what to do knowing how to talk the person down and not coming in with weapons all around their belt, what's really intimidating to a lot of people. And thank you very much. That's more into communities than policing.
name is Nick here, Frazier. And I think this is very important to invest more into our communities in policing. Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Alan Wardle. I'm a citizen of Atlanta and I'm going to be pushing the total dollar pay rate. The Atlanta police department, the current budget as it's going to be more at a time when they have just shown excessive use of murder that is wildly inappropriate. This comes at a time of course. The Atlanta Police Department already shown local and national headlines for catering a couple in their own color and the protests going on to reward this type of behavior. I think that that budget should be cut completely. I don't think they should get their total million dollars it'll make better use somewhere like medical health for the COVID crisis or in any number of ways I could benefit the black community has been very much affected by this whole ordeal.
Good morning, council members, Madam President and Madam Mayor, if you are in attendance, my name is bearing in mind the second and I'm advocating for the relocation of police funding. Although the focus lately has been on which we tality patient routinized primarily due to poverty and the appropriation of funds to where they're needed most, or many communities in the city that are underserved. And we take just half the proposed allocation of over $200 million to the police and place those funds directly into communities to meet development with infrastructure, affordable housing and better public facilities. It will provide much more of a benefit to the citizens and overall general welfare of our city than using all those funds for our police force. a better future is possible for it despite the trying times. We are all in. Thank you guys, and have a nice day.
Yes, my name is Helen sois. I'm an Atlanta resident and I am calling because I want you to defund the APD. I do not want more money from the budget going into the APD. I want it to be funded. We could be using that money for public health programs, to rebuild communities to actually help people instead of The APD we don't need to be doing that. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
This is Dr. Dwayne Meadows along with shoulder work walls. And we're calling to say that we demand that $217.6 million. That's going to be divested from the police department and invested into the community in Atlanta. We believe that $270.6 million does not reflect the needs, wants and desires of the black community, especially enlightened spate of police violence, willing to do fine, defund the police and to change to a more community based modality policing, we demand this we demand is nothing less. Thank you.
Bye. main camera, Cody, I want to demand that the the people that granted demand guidance from the department as we met in the community have a plan to decrease the budget for the police department and more in the community for that. Much.
Hello, my name is Kelly Garcia, and I live in Atlanta. And I am calling demand that you amend the budget as proposed. It is preposterous to get any more funding, need to actually put the money into our community and protect our black citizens lives. If you do not. It is a very clear representation of how little you care about the city of Atlanta and we will not have that. Thank you.
My name is Amanda Geller, and I live on summon street in Atlanta. And I'm calling today as the budget to ask that you don't increase funding for the police. I think this is a vital time that we make significant change. And showing that you agree with that the system isn't working in Atlanta with the current policing strategies, we don't need an increase and budget for the police. We need to shift that money to organizations and new models like community support that will be more effective and protect our communities, particularly our black communities. So I thank you for hearing me and look forward to you. Coming up with a new budget. All the best.
I name is Colleen Smith, and I am absolutely disgusted by the mayor's proposed city budget for 2021 which includes a $12 million increase to the police To the Atlanta police force department and nearly cuts everywhere else best in my received the same but if anything, I think that they should receive less until we see better outcomes and more justice for Atlanta population. Thank you. I hope this has heard of this as well received and I do not wish to see my city's police force funding increase for 2021. Thank you.
My name is Mr. Arthur. I think it's unacceptable that a third of the budget for fiscal year 2021 is being allocated to the Atlanta police department. I know that many residents of Atlanta has spoken out against this. And at this point you're choosing to comply with an inherently racist system rather than listen to the needs and voices of the people you're supposed to be serving. The city of Atlanta needs to cancel all police raises and the 2021 budget cancelled the proposed 12 point $12 million raise and the general fund for the Atlanta police services in 2021. And cancel the project. $987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services. These funds need to be reallocated evenly to city departments that would serve the public such as the executive offices. Public Works Parks and Recreation Coronavirus release and city planning. Thank you. There.
My name is Emily Johnson and I'm a resident of Fulton County. I am calling to express my concern about the city of Atlanta proposed general fund budget of the $670 million that is proposed 32% of that is slated to go to the police 217 million dollars, which represents 12% of the total budget. I think that is absolutely ridiculous. Why is the police department getting that much money when community development and grant is only getting $300,000 that makes absolutely no sense that amount of money should be put more towards improving our community and not just increasing the presence of police. It has already been shown, both documented and in the current news cycle that the police do not protect our communities equally. And I believe that this is an opportunity for us to divest from our police force in favor of investing more in our communities, in our education in our healthcare. There's absolutely no reason that the police should be receiving that much money and I am urging you all to reconsider. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Ralph flavors. I'm a constituent in district one here in Atlanta. I'd like to encourage the city council and Mayor bottoms to move some money away for the police department into things like mental health treatment programs, addiction treatment programs, other things like that, that will help build the foundation of a strong community rather than simply trying to police them when it's been obvious that polytune has been effective and is clearly targeting certain groups of people, namely black people in a way that it doesn't target other communities.
My name is Brittany RM and my comment is I really want to talk about the APD generally general fund being reallocated toward reduced and reallocated towards workers comp, unemployment, public defenders. And also, I would like to make a comment about Education Fund is going to be slashed by 14%. And that fund is barely covering the bills as it is, as someone who goes to a local university and teaches at a local university. We need that money. And we actually get a little bit more money than public schools and elementary schools. So can't cut them. Pay, if you're going to cut that budget free, allocate the money from the AP general fund and allocate it towards schooling and also the general fund for workers comp, unemployment, public defenders, parks and recreation, you know, services that promote this and won't be and general good things, you know, instead of the murder and police brutality towards people of color. Thank you.
Hello, my name is James West. Thank you so much for taking the time to please I think many will be like fine in the sense that we are calling for a radical defunding of the police department in Atlanta and asking them these funds be dispersed to different things that will help raise a better generation of people putting that money in education, or redistributing that colitas money and putting that into different social projects that will help you as much as possible. If you guys are on the precipice of a huge movement in the country and I think Atlanta is the nation's leader in that. Please, please, please.
Hello, my name is Katherine cherry. I am a citizen of the city of Atlanta and calling to request at the City Council. budgetary committees take a strong, hard look at the $217.6 million that is proposed towards the police as part of our general fund budget. I believe this is absolutely inappropriate, especially in light of recent events. I implore our city council to think creatively about how we can divest from this budget line item against police towards things like grants and community development. A citizen review board and ethics board, a public defender, city planning and parks and recreation. At this juncture, it's become abundantly clear that the police have been absolutely fiscally irresponsible with the inordinate amount of budget. They have been poured into the department year on year with little to no results. City Council, you have an opportunity to model Atlanta as a city that steps up and says we will invest in our communities. And we will take a hard look at how to dismantle a policing system in our city that for far too long, has caused harm, pain and trauma towards the black community. Thank you.
Great atheists. My name is Amanda Lockett. I'm a member of Southwest Atlanta community. I'm a graduate of Mays High School. And I currently reside here now colleagues with microphone about the amount of money that has been invested into the police department and the limited amount of money that they invested in the company. Development and grant in light of everything that we're realizing what the problem is because this is not the first police murder that we've had to deal with, but in my of everything that comes to the surface, we need to look at ways to really improve our neighborhood. Elise is obviously not the answer to eradicate violence in my neighborhood, what is needed on a development. Opportunity is some of that funding take 100 million dollars and invest on the south and west side, it makes sure that it's held accountable or make sure that is monitored, make sure that the result is saying invest into these schools and we're gonna close in Douglas High School. Looking at closing Douglas high school needs to integrate into this community and depth into the children. So they don't think that they need to go out and sell drugs and Rob somebody so that they can make money because we know that Atlanta is a place that if you are born poor, you more than likely You will die for unless you become a rapper. Let's be honest, another statistic that's not just my opinion. We need to embed into the community so that our children, our men and women have a chance to tell some of these people who are homeless so that they can be contributing to the workforce instead of sending police out. Arrest a homeless person for loitering instead of sending a police out to harassing or selling drugs. Give him some money so he can make some money and then the police can be there to truly help people. So people, we think this Thank you.
Hello, my name is Wally Catherine. I'm calling because I do not support the raise in budget for the Atlanta police department. I do not believe the police officers should be receiving raises in the 2020 fiscal year. I do not agree With the $12 million raise and the general fund for the Atlanta police services, I do not believe in the 987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for the Atlanta police services. I think the these funds would do much better being allocated to other city departments. Like the executive offices, parks and rec city planning public works. Please do something with it that will support our communities. Do not put this money into the police. That is not where can you need to. Thank you so much for your time.
Hello, this is Greg ward. I'm at Fulton County and the city of Atlanta president and homeowner and paying taxes in the city of Atlanta Fulton County for over 20 years. 30 extra I would like to state that the police budget is large enough to large as it is and it's the wrong way to to handle many in our city. I believe we should cancel police rages right in the 2021 bred budget and hold the $12.12 million raise and the general fund for the Atlanta police services in 2021. canceled the proposed amendment 87,000 right in the airport revenue fund or when a police in 2021 and reallocate those funds to other city departments, social services and consider a new number and 911 that can be used to report non balanced problems and have a non violent response to problems in the city of Atlanta. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Gracie Jiu. I'm a resident of Atlanta and Fulton County and I'm calling to encourage you to deny the mayor's proposed budget. I would like to redirect the money away from the police force and really relocate them to social service programs. Please consider canceling all police races in the 2020 budget. But people have lost trust in the police services due to me supporting this kind of escalated situation as adults in various injustice and violence. They want to see this end people need housing, Medicare, human dignity and stay in this so please our communities do not feel safer with police violence armed police officer should not be expected to fill every role little conflict resolution. We don't need police to thrive. We need real restorative justice and our basic needs met please hear this message. Thank you.
I just want to say that you guys are not going to make this right, unless you take away a significant amount of money from the Atlanta police department. I found out the other day that our Atlanta city budget accounts for, we get about nearly a third of our budget to the Atlanta police department, which is too goddamn high when you realize that they're out here killing our citizens, especially our black and brown citizens. It's just unacceptable to be giving that much money to an organization that kills people over things like having a DUI, pointing a non deadly weapon at an officer. That is bullshit, okay, you need to be funding need to move some of this money into black communities. social workers, you know, we need to fund our social workers we need to fund mental health care. We need to fund black education. This is fucking unacceptable Atlanta. Okay. We have answers. We know what to do. Please do not give them any more money, please. It got budget increases for the Atlanta police department we are going to burn shit down. Okay. This is absolutely unacceptable. No, the police want to respond with such excessive force to incidents that don't require it. They need to be responding to violent crimes only then not responding to a man asleep in his car. I'm not blaming the people to call the police. That's who that's who we've been told we're supposed to call for anything to call the police. No more. Okay. I want I want us to be calling social workers I want us to be calling people I want us to be I want us to be funding drug addiction specialists, and and people who are going to be able to actually de escalate situations and help people not kill people. So
hi, my name is brand new. I'm calling To request that you reallocate the police budget for the needs of the people in Atlanta, the money for the police budget must then instead be spent on providing homes for the homeless, social services mental health care, domestic violence, intervention, hospitals and education. Further, the Atlanta Police Department short of being abolished must be demilitarized tanks, military vehicles and guns and ammunition must be destroyed. Any items that can be sold ethically must be and that money must be allocated to social services. I work in early childhood education, administrators and teachers and money out of their own salaries, many of which had been reduced due to COVID-19 and were not very much to begin with to provide basic supplies to children. Over the years we have received less and less is more money has been going to militarize the police. The state of early childhood education in Georgia is shameful. I hope that our community leaders choose to stand on the right side of history and care for People, especially our children, and condemn and define the police. Thank you.
My name is Chris Shelton. I live in the West End neighborhood of Atlanta. And I think it's the purpose of the government to provide for the well being of the citizenry. And I think excessive police presence, as currently constituted is counterproductive to that. So I would urge the city council to reduce funding for the Atlanta police departments and redirect that money towards education, housing, health care, human services that can help reduce the need for police and increase welfare for the citizens of Atlanta. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Caleb Pendleton. Residents of old Fourth Ward and I'm calling to advise and ask the city council please move 100 million dollars of the proposed police budgets for the next fiscal year into other departments within the city, especially ones that help eliminate poverty and lack of education. Please, as your message at the end of your voicemail request said, honor and respect the community's wishes to reduce police violence, and invest in this community. Thank you.
Hey, this is john Hayes. I'm involved in the protests around our city and first of all, thank you all for what you're doing. You work hard for us and with us. You've been working on all this. You've been working on these things that we're protesting about. So thank you want to quickly give some opinion, advice. So I think step one is a resolution Asked and proclaimed loudly here's a few ideas you can resolve and announced publicly at rallies and protests that the council has resolved that America and Atlanta are over policed. Armed officers are unnecessary escalation in many circumstances, police life is not worth more than civilian life. The blue wall of silence and defense must come down. Police who do not defend civilian life and sidestep the law when their own become criminals are a threat to a civilized society. Our goal is an observable double digit reduction in violent and Part One crime. Current policing methods are ineffective to accomplish this goal. Radical reform is necessary to accomplish this goal and or a resolution in support of the values of free speech and assembly. He phoned the police as a chant. abolish the police is another you might disagree. You might hear your own political Doom in them. But you must answer those chants with your own response. Radical reform a pretty good phrase, it means business if you're willing to admit American policing has an endemic problem and if Not you won't find the phrase when you speak the language of protesters. Thank you for all you're doing. I'll probably call him leave another message.
My name is David Armand is citizen here in Atlanta. And I would like to propose the police budget for the 2021 years dramatically reduced. I don't think they should have $217 million or the amount close to anything that they're getting. I think that it should be dramatically reduced to at least 40 million that is for Parks and Recreation. And I feel like that money should be going towards schools, ethics board, city review boards and things of that nature. But I definitely believe that the police budget should not be increased slash And that is all Thank you.
Hi, my name is Sarah Ledford and I live in zip code 30315. I'm calling to ask that you reallocate money set aside for the Atlanta police department to other prevention programs like youth and social services, domestic violence, health, mental health treatment and homelessness. Along with job placement services, these dollars need to go towards actually solving the problems in our city and not towards the militarization of our police. Overall, I recommend that you've cut the police department budget. Thank you
for joining us, Hayes calling the lease and more of my opinions for you on how you can connect with the protest movement in our city. So I don't think protesters really know much right now about Mayor bottoms, goals with jail, closing, or even the changes that have already been made to the correction budget. You gotta tell them, they're gonna want more but they need to hear the things are happening already. So I strongly recommend that you get out With the protests, think about these real changes and I want to encourage you all on the council, please don't quit. Very few people are asking for your resignation. We want change in policy and changing and policing. You have that power and responsibility that we elected you for. Don't run away from it. Please look at Obama's Task Force plan that he had put together, I believe in 2015 six pillars 96 points. Look at what Camden New Jersey has done. There are options for radical reform that we can implement. There are other ideas out there, talk to the people. Thank you for what you're doing.
Hi, my name is Emma shibley. I live in Candler parks on to Today I'd like to read a poem by Angela Zito called praise. Today I will praise I will praise the sun for showering its light on this dark individual. I will praise it shine, praise the way it wraps my skin and ultraviolet ultimatums demanding to be seen I will lift my hands in adoration of how something so bright could be so heavy. I will praise the ground that did not make feast of these bones. Praise the casket that did not become a shelter for flesh. Praise the bullet that called in sick to work. plays to trigger that when on vacation. Praise the chalk did not outline a body today. Praise the body for still being a body and not a headstone. Please the body for being a body and not a police report. Praise the body for being a body and not a memory no one wants to forget. Praise the memory placed laughs and smiles you thought had been evicted from your jawline praised eyes for seeing and still believing for being blinded from face but never losing their vision. Praise divisions. Praise the profit. Don't profit off of those divisions. Please the heart for Housing this living room of emotions, praise the trophy that is my name, priest the gift that is my name. praise the name that is my name, which no one can plagiarize or gentrify, praise the praise, how the throat sounds like acquire the harmony in your tongue lift into a song of adoration. Praise yourself for being able to praise for waking up when you've had every reason not to.
Qaeda, Nicole, I would like to propose that the city of Atlanta does not push forth in applying any more budget to the Atlanta police. We do not need this budget allocated there. We have so many other avenues that we could be allocating funds. For example, citizens Review Board City Planning Parks and Recreation grants and Community Development specialists. Please I urge you to consider this. You do not need to add these funds to the police. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Katie Perkins. I'm a resident and voter and daily and area at the City of Atlanta and I'm calling to voice my concerns over the funding of the police and to make my request now that I'd like funding to be moved from the police to social services. Thank you so much.
I My name is Rebecca Marshall and I am calling in support of moving funding, police and social services or today's budget meeting. Thank you.
Hi, I'm calling my name is Jacqueline liveness. I'm a resident in Atlanta and I'm calling to with regards to the budget council meeting as To move funding from the police AC DC to social services and feel free to buy
Hello, my name is Chelsea Bullock. I am a homeowner in the Edgewood neighborhood in district eyes. I work in district two, my son attends public school at diamond tumor Elementary in district five. And I'm calling because it's critically important that at this time we defund the police and redirect the budget that would have been previously allocated towards the police toward youth and social and educational services instead. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Cassidy Pendleton. And I'm calling about the fiscal year. I do not think the police department should be given any additional FY. I think funds should be reallocated from their existing budget to go to community services for to criminal activity, distress so that people in the community are safer and do not have to have police force present any kind of altercation. It should be reality. Other services that are a better community. Thank you.
Hey, my name is Justin said upon, I'm sure you're getting a lot of messages like this and most certainly won't stand out. But um, I think we need to decrease the police budget. And the bottom line is people are dying every day. And I mean, I was I live right next to the windy University. Yes, I was out there an hour, two hours before it happened. And just to think that, you know, police are killing people, you know, it's all over the US. But you know, it just feels so close to home. It's hometown it. The bottom line is is you guys want to up funding and you know, you'll say whatever. I think there's a 14 million proposed budget increase. And I know you want to, you know, they'll come up with a proposal like, well, we want to increase pay and training and stuff. And the bottom line is we need to be funded our police, we need the opposite. We need to come up with a system that works better. Because, you know, on a fundamental level, there's so much wrong with it. Our court systems are full, our prisons are huge. You can drive by that prison. It's right off the boulevard. It's, you know, it's millions of people, not millions of people in that prison. But you know, so many people in the US are incarcerated. And I think it speaks volumes, the police state in Georgia right now, you know, with the National Guard being called out for protests, you know, which was just sent back with Erica shields resigning. I mean, something is wrong in this country. And I think it's our state's responsibility to change that. And I hope that you get more answers like this and I hope someone gets a chance to listen to it. And despite my rambling and off topic, nisenholtz, jumping from one thing to another, but I think it's in everyone's best interest that we put that funding somewhere else in our healthcare, you know, like COVID-19 people. You know, doctors are wearing trash bags hoarding buzzwords, you know, have a great day to the city council.
I am Pamela Vickers, a homeowner in Norwood Park, a tech worker and down to I love Atlanta and I vote. I implore you all to rethink the budget and redirect funds from the police force and toward our community. It pains me to see over $200 million dollars allocated to the police have done so much harm to black residents diversity are only seen $313,000, earmarked for grants and community development. The Atlanta I want to see is one where we direct millions into our community development and millions away from our over militarized in combat and police reform is not enough. Thank you.
Hi, this is Dr. Boden. I live in the county and I demand of undemanding few things and that is to cancel all police races and the 2021 budget to cancel the proposed 12 point 12 million raised in the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. canceled the proposed 987,000 raised in the airport revenue fund to the Atlanta police service in 2021. And we allocate these funds evenly to the departments such as the executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning Public Works and public works and invest also in large communities and black owned businesses. There are other ways to help the city that is not violent and impersonal. Thank you
My name is Aja Kerviel. I want to say first that the facts of the city council has amended this annual budget increase multiple times over and are still attempting to move forward with a 13 million increase for police budget and 2021. As a direct message to the people of Atlanta that y'all are not on our side, you do not have the interest of black lines at the forefront of your motivations for change, murders. And I mean, the police do not deserve raises or job period. We demand that this 13 million increase, be redirected in its entirety to the social organization of this city who are committed to enacting positive and healthy change and growth in our community. Now, these are not only limited to departments such as the executive offices, parks and recreation city planning Public Works, grant writing proposal. There is no excuse for taking capitalism over human life Your lackluster attempts to provide an engram justice and people in Atlanta are born to shame on you all, and especially you Keesha for trying returning your back on the people in the city yet again. All of you say their names because their blood is on your hands. Rashard Brooks, Oscar Kane, Alexia Christian JBS Stafford, Jimmy Dietrich Griffin, jamario, and Robinson, Nicholas Thomas, and countless more. I yield the rest of my time.
My name is Holly Wagner, I'm a 27 year resident of Grant Park. We need to defend the police. We cannot give them more money. their weapons need to be taken away. They have proven over and over and over again, that they cannot be trusted with tasers, guns, cars, anything of that sort. We get harassed on a daily basis. We get killed and y'all want to give them more money. The money should be reallocated to the communities The citizens, the parks, the schools, recreation centers, things that will actually help us build community get people together. Not these police's. We get harassed walking our dog. We get harassed in our cars. They tear around the neighborhood. They come at us recently with tear gas on Cherokee Avenue. We're done with this. We need y'all to open your eyes. This system can't be reformed. Something that was based in racism to begin with can never be reformed. It's got to be demolished and rebuilt. That's all there's left. Thank you.
Hi, I'm Rebecca Holtz. I'm calling from the cab county in time link. I'm calling to urge you to spearhead spearheads some type of a bell or or give our Part of our budget to community organizations to mental health advocates. The police do not need much money in their budget. Please defund the police and instead, invest that money in community support safety prevention. Instead of funding police, murder of black Americans invest in high quality education, invest in mental health programs, invest in social workers invest in survivor advocates and healers. You know, COVID has has shown how deep the vulnerabilities in our system are. And a system that I've never worked with the people. George Floyd Leanna Taylor, Tony McDade you know, or for black and indigenous communities, now is the time to change that and The budget meeting we can get the ball rolling and please defund the police.
Fulton County resident. I was calling regarding the fiscal year budget for 2021. With the conviction that the 2021 budget should be canceled and in general that spending on police these clashed orally not entirely. And money be repurposed, repurposed in terms of putting them in insane departments, parks, recreation, public works, and social programs that can help lighten the load that needs to be on police in general, dealing with the social issues that stem from me Why crimes are committed in the first place. With with my belief that is a much more effective way to protect our city and protects the people in it. Then police who are heavily armed to our game damaging, killing and being violent towards in this family black people. And yet, that is that is my comments that police funding should be slashed. The police raises in 2021 budget be cancelled and those funds be reallocated to fund Thank you.
Hey, my name is wil Cardwell. I live in Oakland city zone or I work downtown. And I'm just calling to request that you take into consideration to funding The police and taking some of that money and moving it back towards the community, the public transit, better infrastructure, namely roads, and public schooling, stuff like that. So thank you for your time.
Hello, my name is Vaughn Elstree and I'm a resident of Atlanta, Georgia. I'm calling about Mayor bottoms fiscal year 2021. budget. I'm extremely unhappy to see Atlanta Police Department will be receiving 32% of the city's general fund budget 12% of the total budget. I cannot let my voice be heard on this issue. I am asking that the Atlanta city council make a Moreover, visible commitment to racial justice encourage you to reallocate the city's expenditures away from the APD and toward the sectors that facilitate the dismantling of racial and class inequality. murderers and abusers Of course should not have jobs, let alone game receiving raises. These officers need to be held accountable and convicted of crimes. Justice will only be served from the police are reformed. And this will not be possible until we defund the APD. Please don't forget about the countless lives lost of hands of those who are supposed to serve and protect us. Hope I can count on you to consider an alternative budget that puts a focus on social service programs. Thank you for your time.
Hello, my name is Steve West. I'm a 15 year resident of Grant Park. I think it's about time that we do fund the police. You can't reform a system built on systemic racism, disdain for the cops has proven again and again that they can't control themselves when they are armed. If the cops are shooting us up there out through harassing and bothering people instead of just policing and keeping things quiet. They lie in open court and the judges just back them up. This has got to stop this can't keep going where Atlanta we're supposed to be Better than this. I voted for Mayor Keisha bottoms with pride and now I'm beginning to really regret that decision. She is obviously taking too much with the police and not enough with the citizens of Atlanta. I also believe that $15 million in funds should be taken from the dissolution of Department of Corrections and allocate it to the Atlanta creative school funding support operations and programming. More money should be removed from the police and its militarization and get rid of all their militarized gewgaws and doodads that aren't necessary. We're a city of citizens, not a war torn country full of enemies. We don't need that much stuff. More money needs to be put into the communities with less money and put in some resources for people to use not just police to come in and crack skulls until everybody submits they can just go back home. This has got to stop where Atlanta we've got to rise up and be better than this.
Afternoon. It's Dixie Montague. I want to call to make a comment regarding the delay of indecision on the budget for APD until alternative services have been considered and explained to the public, thank you so much.
Hi there. My name is Deon Kay and I live in District Four, nearly two miles from where a Shawn Brooks was murdered by the Atlanta police department, by your Atlanta police department, by the police department that you are proposing to give more money to in order to commit more murders. the justice system in the city and an entire country are skewed and racist. You either have to be living in a cave to not see that. Well, you have to be pleased with the way the system is working. I doubt very much any of you are racist, and I'm sure you want what is best for the city. And if we have learned anything in this last week, it is that the police use excessive violence and they're not trying to do what the community's giving them more money will not solve these problems. They give more money to people who are trained to work in these communities without the supply In giving more money to people and organizations who are trained to solve social problems. This is more than just a budget. It's people's lives who are voting on. For too long funding has been skewed towards perpetuating violent and systemic abuse of non white residents in our city. And this is a golden opportunity is for you to show what kind of a city do we want to be? Do we want to militarize and murderous police force? I don't hope you don't. And I hope you'll vote prioritize this life and death issue today. Thank you.
Hello, and my name is Facebook's and I am asking that the city reconsider the 250 million dollar budget or the Atlanta police department and reallocate those funds to areas of mental health and social service agencies to actually better thinking. I believe that department does not need nearly as much funding as as, as a social worker myself, I know how hard the work is on the line day in and day out with people in the field. And so many social workers are undervalued and underpaid, with no pensions or any type of thing like that and also put their lives on the line. And I think that it's really important to start investing in community systems and community workers who have been doing this work, has built trust with the community and helped to make our communities safer. At this time, we can see that there's so much unrest in our community and distress with the police department. It's time for actionable changes to be made. And for people to act like you would the citizens are saying to make those changes, please reallocate these funds and do not approve 250 $2 million for the Atlanta police department. Thank you.
My name is Scott Dr. de mer. I'm a resident of District five, and I'm calling in response to the proposed budget numbers that I've seen show that the Atlanta police department is being allocated upwards of 217 million dollars. Other programs like the grants and community development area is being allocated $313,000. I would call to reject the proposed budget into city council members to invest in community programs that focus on education, mental health, trauma services, health care and affordable housing. Instead of increasing the police department's budget, that is what our community needs in order to stay healthy, and to keep it in order to the police. Not coming into the community, so we appreciate your help, and thanks for taking the time.
Catherine Slocum to me last night. I live in 316 in Atlanta, I'm calling because I would like to speak funding the moves from the Atlanta police department to social services, providing mental health and other de escalation approaches to police responses to calls or through other means. I really appreciate you listening to my comments and considering how we can best serve Atlanta and especially those with mental health issues and to may not need police intervention. Thank you.
Mercury manual, Emanuel, born and raised in Atlanta currently live in Grant Park District one. I'm calling to ask for two things in relation to the budget. First is ask you to please defund the police. I know you've been hearing this a lot and I know it sounds really radical and it is radical, but it's critical. I think you need to look really on At whether our policing system is actually doing more harm than good at this point, I would argue as a lot of other people were would that it is not something that is actually making us safer on the whole at this point. I think rather than doing that it's become really an instrument of white supremacy and the main function is clear is to control not crime, and protect safety but to control black and brown people. I want to make clear that's not about any individual officer and whether they have racist views or not. It's not about whether any individual officer is a good person or not. It's about this system that we've set up. When you look at defunding, I think it's important to realize there's a tiny bit of crime that is actually truly violent crime. So to have these heavily militarized, massive forces of armed people that are ending up killing People does not make sense. I'd ask you to take that money and reinvest it in emergency first responder programs, who can respond to mental illness incidents, substance use disorder incidents, incidents arising from extreme poverty and homelessness. I'd also ask you to please, I'd also ask you to please honor the commitment to close the jail I'm not understand why there's $18 million in the budget for corrections when the jail is supposed to be closed. Thank you very much for your time.
Then I'm calling from you defunding the police and I'd like to explain that when we think deep on the police, we don't mean get rid of all the police. But you should consider dissolving the police department and rebuilding them and smaller facets of networks that can handle the big situation because in some situations, you could send a train unarmed professionals to respond to calls that are non violent and non criminal managed. All of the different problems that are being seen today, right now I know on the budget you guys have increased the budget by over millions of dollars which right now ultimately makes no money from the goal.
Hi, this is Melissa Glover and I was calling because I just want to I guess state my opinion that I don't think that is in the Rose direction rows is donation that she's potentially going to give from an okay cafe confederate flag option to the APD. I know that the council can approve has to approve donations made to the APD. I think that the city council should not receive any donations. Season two rows. Four to be approved tonight approve any donations from her to the APD. Thank you very much again. Lois Glover. Have a good day.
Hello, my name is Daniel Deke. I am a taxpayer and residents, Atlanta and then the Kirkwood zone two is a message pertaining to the proposed budget for fiscal year 2021. Specifically, I wanted to comment on the increase of a PDS budget by $14 million. Before I do that, I wanted to give a quick thank you to Keisha Lance bottoms for everything that she has done. In response to the various protests that have happened in the name of black lives that were taken central fleet, thank you very much, Mayor for everything that you were doing. I must say, this is not going far enough. We need more money to be taken out of Atlanta's police department, and more money focused on social programs, focusing on uplifting people relegated to bad neighborhoods that are over policed. And including spreading some of that wealth to help decrease the amount of wealth and resource disparity between white and white neighborhoods in neighborhoods. occupied by people of color. We are better than this. You can do better than this. There's no limit to what we can do. Thank you very much.
I am calling you in advance of Tuesday's budget meeting. And I am asking that no further raises or funds be designated to the police department and that those funds instead be directed towards housing, mental health services and Help. wherever they go, we are asking that they please do not get the $5,000 raise that bottom isn't for them and that no additional funds be allocated to them, especially not after killing an unarmed man in our city. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Megan Schaffer. I'm calling to discuss the 2021 fiscal budget. I know with the pandemic, I've heard that there's going to be a push to cut services out of the budget. And I don't think that is the right move, or Atlanta. I think what the city needs to do is the fund the Department of Corrections and the Department of police services, and uses that pre budget to start working to make the city actually safer and actually help us recover from the pandemic. If you Continue to ignore the social needs of the citizens. We're just going to keep ending up with more people ending up without home because they can't pay rent because they were furloughed. It'll go on and on and on. And people keep dying at the hands of the police. And that's not cool. So please prioritize the future of Atlanta over your comfort today and start that conversation to defund the police people in the car stereo system and invest in housing communities, all of that, that we need to actually recover from the virus. Thank you.
Hi, my name is cannot have insulin, and I would like to make a comment about the budget for 2021. We desperately need more funding for the public schools and the Atlanta area. And less money for police. And for just increased budgets, please for the children. And that's my comment. Thank you so much.
Hi, my name is Carolyn long. I'm the resident admission Atlanta. I'm calling in regards to the budget. Year 2021. I would like us to rethink that and cancel. Cancel the 12 million raise and the general fund in the Atlanta police services in 2021. Cancel 987,000 range in airport revenue revenues, researchers and reality all those funds even lead to city departments such as the executive offices, parks and recreation and city planning public works. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Tammy Nicole. I'm calling with metro Atlanta Democrats. socialists are demand at the City Council level the demands of black organizations and defund the police, close the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest the faith into black community organizations and social service. Also demand that the Atlanta city council should adapt to the demands of Unite Here local 2030 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent by mouth and a black community organizations that demand
Hi, my name is Eden solace. I am an Atlanta resident living in the policy Highlands and I'm calling to voice my opposition to the over $10 million budget increase that the mayor has proposed for APD. This money could be far better suited for working on the roads working in a motor system. Getting more money that is to resources like the public defender's office and mental health services. Considering the current climate and everything that's going on, I'm extremely confused and disappointed in Atlantic leadership that they would propose this kind of budget increase. My I am an active voter and my vote will absolutely reflect to the people who make the correct decisions in regards to dap budget. Thank you so much.
Hi, my name is Aiden solace. I am an Atlanta resident living in the policy Highlands. And I'm calling to voice my opposition to the over $10 million budget increase that the mayor has proposed for APD. This money could be far better suited for working on the roads working on a murder system, getting more money that is owed to resources like the public defender's office and then Have services. Considering the current climate and everything that's going on. I'm extremely confused and disappointed in Atlantic leadership that they would propose this kind of budget increase. My I am an active voter and my vote will absolutely reflect to the people who make the correct decisions in regards to be a PD budget. Thank you so much.
My name is Amber Paige. I would just like to echo the demand of many community organizations in the city. I hope you all are aware of how hurt the community over police brutality and senseless murders. Rashard Brooks desert better so many, so many of our citizens and country deserve better and I would demand that you all cancel police rate braces for the 2021 budget. canceled the proposed 12 point 12 million raise and the fun for police services. And Atlanta, canceled a proposed raise and the airport revenue fund for police services. And we allocate these funds to different city departments like Parks and Rec, a planning public work, and all of the departments that would help build up the community instead of murdering people.
Hi, my name is Brittany Adi. I was a no Fort Ord and I'm calling to express my concern about the proposed budget for 2021. budget for policing the way out of hand and I'd like to see more money allocated to community programs and things other than police force that use excessive force and unlawfully murdering black people. Can we please invest in things that will actually make a difference in people's lives and not reward system that is set up to work against those of color and Thank you very much.
Hi, I'm Kimmy. I'm calling with metro Atlanta democratic socialists to demand that the city council man's black organizations and do some police, close the Atlanta city detention center, and reinvest the black community organizations and social services. After demand at the Atlantic City Council should adapt the demands of the Nigerian local 23
My name is Dan Addison, I'm going with the metro Atlantic democratic socialists to the man of the city council all demands of black organizations to fund the police closing Atlanta a detention center and reinvest the same funds in the black community organization consulting services also demand that the Atlantic City Council should adopt the demanded night here local 23 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent furloughs and a black community organizations that demand a moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments, moratorium on arrest for minor offenses and an immediate investment in emerging The housing for those who need shelter during the pandemic. Thank you so much.
Hi, my name is Dan I was going with the metro Atlantic democratic socialists to the man that the city council all demands of black organizations to defend the police clothes.
Hello, my name is Iris Cher. I grew up in Midtown Atlanta, and I live in camera Park. I am calling to request that the APD budget be lowered. Those funds need to go to two grants and community development to the planning, Parks and Rec and any public art initiatives instead of the APD. Following next will be the sound of PD tear gassing peaceful protesters Thank you.
Hi, I'm Dylan Mike and I'm calling with the metro Atlanta democratic socialists to demand at City Council follow the demands of black organizations and beef on the police cars, the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest the safe funds into black community organizations and social services. I also demand that the Atlanta city council should adopt the demands that Unite Here local 23 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent furloughs and the black community organizations that demand a moratorium on eviction and to mortgage payments, a moratorium on arrests for minor offenses and an immediate investment in emergency housing for those who can shelter during the pandemic.
Hello, my name is Michael groom. I'm calling because I would like To see a the funding of the police departments whether a large city funding movement or just a recirculation of that funding towards black community organizations, I'd like to see the Atlanta city detention center closed and reinvestment invested towards black communities. Also, just like more focus on Coronavirus management and militant spending less police spending. Thank you very much for hearing me.
Hi, my name is Lisa. Hi Phil. I live in North Druid hills, inclined to ask that you redirect money away from the APD and towards services that serve our community. Our goal is to be fund and dismantle the police do not put a single cent towards the Atlanta police department. We need those funds directed to services that are serve our community. Thank you.
Hi, I'm Mike Cory. I'm calling with the metro Atlanta democratic socialists to demand that the city council follow the demands of black organizations. And to fund the police closed the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest the state park that the black community organizations and social services demand that the Atlanta city council should adopt the demands of Unite Here local 23 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent furloughs and have black community organizations that demand a moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments, a moratorium on arrest for minor offenses and immediate investment emergency housing for those who need shelter during the pandemic. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Anthony Malloy. I am a resident in bulk for Ford and I'm calling with the metro Atlanta democratic socialists. to demand that the city council follow the demands of black organizations and defund the police clothes. The Atlanta city detention center and reinvest the Save funds into black community organizations and social services also demand that the Atlanta city council should adopt the demand of Unite Here local 23 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent furloughs and the black community organizations that demand a moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments. a moratorium on arrests for minor offenses and an immediate investment in American emergency housing for those who need shelter during the pandemic. Thank you.
Katie IT budget for 2021 is inappropriate be $12 million increase to the police department is insensible. The Atlanta PD just killed Rashard Brooks. The police department's budget should be cut by $12 million instead of police sources inadequately change trains and incites violence. That money would be better directed to helping helping our community especially during this time of need. Police are More likely to be murderers and kill on the job than to be killed on the job. We need to invest that $12 billion into our education and our future would be better spent by ensuring all Atlanta children have access to distance learning, especially in the age of coded. Police are not protecting and serving all aliens equally if they were Rashard Brooks would still be alive. Do not increase the budget, the budget allocation to the police department needs to be slashed in half. Black Lives Matter.
My name is Alex Lambert and I live in southwest Atlanta, invests a lot of our city budget, the Atlanta police department and I'm calling that investment into question with the concrete commendations to reallocating those funds and I've listened the men as a councilman have descended the APD training practices for the past. Defense has complied with a PVS tree of tinea pilgrim. Bye And in light of a PDS escalation and instigate violence against demonstrators around our city, and now APD is Aldershot Brooks and entities have been crying out with the department is not only inflexible, but that is Atlanta. policing is a thing. It's making our lives worse. It's time for you to listen to us and adapt that any of my month funding the silent you to understand the many ways that you are complicit in the death of Rashad Brooks. But this horrible moment, just all a much needed lesson and our sense of responsibility. I listened to Councilman spa against a name the department in its entirety for 2021. But I beg y'all at least not increased the budget in light of the department's failures. Here's some recommendations to me immediately, and you necessarily reassess the long term policing and it's harmful. impact on our communities and reallocate funds accordingly. For 2021 budget cancelled point $12 million raise and the general Atlanta Police Services cancel all police raids, cancel the proposed $987,000 raise in the airport revenue. reallocate those funds evenly to city departments such as executive offices, parks and rec planning, Public Works etc. Thank you for your time.
My name is Arielle Marines air I am a resident in Atlanta and zone four. I have a question for the mayor of our city. I want to know why they are Keesha Lance bottoms has not yet spoken out against the training exchange that APD officers have with the Israeli military. A training that enforces that the APD uses militarized tactics against Atlanta residents and But it's been inside of the Atlanta jurisdiction. I also want to know when Mayor Keisha Lance bottoms is going to beat out and add pressure to ensure that the council and all parties involved, continue their promise and closing AC DC and decide not to allocate another $13 million to a jail that is incredibly over resource underutilized and is no longer serving the people of Atlanta. I want to know when we will finally end Cash Money bail, and I will I want to know when they are going to respond to the overwhelming amount of Atlanta residents who want the city to define the Atlanta police department and reallocate all of that money that we use millions and millions of dollars every year to police and terrorize all of the zones in Atlanta and turn those out to allocate those funds to the citizen Review Board, to community organizations to community infrastructure and social services and not the police. Please answer those questions in a concise manner. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Emily defender for neighbor and little town. Like many others, I'm calling to advocate for a major budget resection of our city and promise to reevaluate the structures and methods and use at the Atlanta police department. Here the changes I'm asking for reallocate significant portions of the MPD contingency and capital funds to departments like city planning, parks and rec public defenders and the ethics board, adjust pay raises and pensions for officers with disciplinary records and completely closed the Atlanta detention center and reallocate funding to communities facing mass incarceration. to support these changes, I want to see plans and promises to address changes in public safety across the board. I want to see negotiations with police unions and pensions, something like 15% of industries still offer them but the rest of us are responsible for saving for our own retirement and end of life plans. I understand that all High pay and pensions are a boon for recruiters. But perhaps by reducing police presence and processes, the need for those benefits would decrease. I also want to see real effort made towards replacing 911 dispatch protocols with more supportive resources. If there's a couple fighting industry to call a mediator, if there's a drug addict and loitering around call a social worker, a man falls asleep and the guy who calls fucking tow trucks, instead of using police force in these instances, we should be supporting citizens at the same time as we bolster other industries and vocations with our tax dollars. I've been in residence as a resident of Atlanta since 2004. And living in Decatur before that. I love the city and I believe in it. But the beauty that I see is increasingly coming from individual residents, Creative Collective and grassroots organizations. We needed to come from the city, you've got $200 million. Again, I'll say that again. You've got $200 million. Put it where it counts. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Heather man and I'm President of the Virginia Highlands neighborhood here in Atlanta, I would like to call in today to ask you to please do not move forward with the proposed increases in the Atlanta, TD budget. I believe that our entire community would be better served if that money was distributed to social and community resources. And I think by doing this, we will actually be creating a culture and systems in place that make the police not as needed when we're providing for our community as we say we should be doing. everything that has to do with the police force will be de escalated and not needed nearly as much. We're actually providing resources and opportunities for our citizens. So I think by reallocating the budget that we plan to do for the police to the community. We will be twofold, better and more prepared for our future. So thank you for your time. I hope you take us there very seriously about this. And thank you so much.
Hello, my name is Ben Webb, and I'm a citizen of Atlanta, and a member of Metro Atlanta democratic socialists of America. I'm calling to comment on the upcoming budget. I would like to urge you in the strongest possible terms to defund the police. I personally would suggest an immediate 90% reduction. However, perhaps, not realistic, but that should be a goal for you. Second off, we need to close the corrections center was slated for closure, it is being allocated more money, it needs to be closed immediately, especially in the middle of a pandemic is a threat to everyone in the community, especially our brothers History side of it, it should be close that ideally, the prisoners have been should be freed, and they should probably be paid restitution for having to deal with it in the first place. All the money saved that shouldn't be reinvested in social services. While you're at it, you should tax all of the rich corporations that are inside of Atlanta, the giant corporations here need to pair their pay their fair share, we need to be reinvesting in our community, housing the homeless that are filling our streets, you need to get off your asses and do your damn job. That once you've all done that, I want y'all to go ahead and resolve because you all have had plenty of time to fix the situation. You don't need to be out in the streets, getting tear gas by your goons night after night after night. So y'all have had your time. Go ahead. Thank you for your time.
Hello, my name is Sasha Cohen. I'm a nurse practitioner and a resident of Reynolds town. I'm calling to comment on the fiscal year 2021. budget. I demand that all police raises in the 2021 budget be canceled. That cancel the proposed 12.12 million raise in the general fund for police Atlanta police services in 2021. Cancel the proposed $987,000 raised in the airport revenue fund for these Atlanta Police Services 2021 and relocate. we allocate all these funds evenly to city departments, such as Parks and Rec city planning Public Works, etc. There's no reason that police should be murdering citizens in our city. And I demand that they be held accountable and that all officers who have committed these acts of injustice be held accountable.
This is James jergens. Calling to demand that the city council follow the demands of black organizations and defend the police. Close the Atlanta detention center and reinvest state funds in the black community organizations and social services. Also, like the city council do about the demands that Unite Here local 23 and project artful checks and workers. furloughs in the black community organizations that demand a moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments, moratorium on arrests for minor offenses and immediate investment emergency outlet for those in a shelter during the pandemic. Thank you.
My name is jacoba Sachs. I would like to see police funding cut and redistributed to education, health care and more. healthier and safer versions of public safety in Atlanta.
Hi, my name is Ashley McCarty and I am calling in hopes that you will vote to defund the police. I would like for funding to be redirected into aspects of the budget that provide care for the community to be that Parks and Recreation, the citizens review board or any other entity that supports the community and does not kill the community like the Atlanta police department does. Thank you so much.
Hi, my name is Maria konnikova. And I'm a resident at the City of Atlanta. And you can name your jack and then the 2021. budget. I ask that you reevaluate that 90 days department budget Current public safety system is failing and people over it and throwing more money at it will not make things better. Instead, I asked them to simply create a plan that reimagine the public safety by reducing Atlanta to the Department of work, and reallocating some other engineering programs in here. After Garrett Raul was trained in January, on appropriate use of deadly force in late April. He took a nine hour course on de escalation options, and he still killed Ray shark Brooks. name was running away from him, had a non deadly weapon ended He's still shot and killed him. Okay, so please do not pour more money into our police department and try to train these people and try to reform these people is not going to work. Okay? Please move that money to a more appropriate places in black communities, to social workers to mental mental health care workers to drug addiction specialists. Okay, this is fucking ridiculous. You're sick of it.
My name is Molly Allison and I am a white woman supporting my black neighbors and colleagues. I'm calling the seating because Atlanta needs to make history and stand up as a model city. It is becoming increasingly impossible to ignore all of us trading or the systemic Violence against black bodies shift and ugly for them that is built into our system. And the police and the criminal justice system are the execution of this violence away with our police to get rid of presents, Atlanta needs to be a model that we asked to listen to a black community member and defund the police. Thank you. Hello.
My name is Stephanie Gowda, and I'm a constituent in district five. I demand that the city council extremely lessen the Atlanta Police Department budget for the next fiscal year. Obviously the police department does not know how to do their job without killing innocent black people. This is an atrocity. This is racism, either hate crimes. And we're sure that anything that police department is doing instead, they said allocate funds that would be going to the police department, Community Action Committee on a number of care levels, which are proven to be way more effective than just killing innocent people. You're welcome to call me back. My phone number is 404-791-2738. It is ridiculous to fill in a piece to permit more than education. It is more than it gets more than social services. This is a shame and Atlanta needs.
Hello, I'm a resident of Buckhead and I just I just think it is absolutely atrocious that you want to increase the police department's budget. They're absolutely terrorizing our citizens. So what the police chief stepped down, there's still officers out there brutalizing the people of Atlanta every single day. How you Going to tear gas, you know, perform chemical warfare among the people you're supposed to protect and serve. And then and then say that that's all good. We're just going to give them more money as teachers are out here getting furloughed. I mean, that makes absolutely no sense. Maybe pull that crock the shit out of your ass give more money to teachers so our children can learn and be safe and defund the police department for performing for performing acts of war. Things that are stand by war against their own citizens. Cool do you think you are if and the police take away their money give it to teachers get people to housing they need look at the economy that has been born into shambles by the trash as governor The rest of the city and defund the police put the money where it needs to be stopped furling teachers who make up the fabric of society and think about how bad you are at your job by
Terri Zellner, Atlanta resident, just calling for my comment that I think it is outrageous that the police have Atlanta's budget. Well over 217 million dollars. Parks and Rec community development and grant and other community led initiatives are severely underfunded. It is clearly shown that police reforms are ineffective in terms of ending police brutality, instead of funding a police department. a sizable chunk of that our city budget is to be invested in communities, especially marginalized ones are much at this policing occurred. abundantly clear that the city should not be investing additional funds into the Atlanta police department. Even as recently as Saturday, there's been a homicide on the hands of the police. Their first instinct is violent. We need community leaders, social workers, other people to step in. The police are ill equipped, handle and best escalate to violence and disproportionately disproportionately harm brown and black folks as community. It's outrageous and this needs to change.
Hi, this is Amber Rose, and you guys should definitely defund the Atlanta police.
Hello, my name is Elise Williams and I'm a resident of Atlanta, Georgia. I'm calling about Mayor bottoms in fiscal year 2021 budget. I'm extremely unhappy to see the Atlanta Police Department will be receiving 32% of the city's general fund budget which is 12% The total budget, I cannot let my voice be unheard about this issue. I'm asking that the Atlanta city council make a more overt and visible commitment to racial justice. I urge you to reallocate the city's expenditures away from the APD and towards sectors that facilitate the dismantling of racial and class inequality. murderers and abusers of force should not have jobs, let alone be receiving raises. These officers need to be held accountable and convicted of their crimes. Justice will only be served when the police are reformed. And this will not be possible until we defund the APD. Please don't forget about the countless lives lost at the hands of those who are supposed to serve and protect us. I hope I can count on you to consider an alternative budget that puts a focus on social service programs. Thank you for your time.
Hello, my name is Nancy Armstrong and I'm an Atlanta resident. I'm calling with two primary demands. The first is to reallocate the 13 million that's scheduled to increase the Atlanta Police Department budget to community services. And I think in the wake of all the events unfolding, the police budget should be reduced. And this money should go to social workers who can actually help rebuild and improve the communities in which the police typically operate. And, and I also wish that the Atlanta city detention center that is currently being approved for closure is still receiving 18 million in funding and I think that jail shouldn't be demolished as soon as possible. And I'm just curious why they're still receiving funding. It's exploded and destroyed.
Hi, my name is Crystal and I'm a Atlanta citizen. Like for the Atlanta city council to use the budget hearing as an opportunity to hear out the community about new policing practices. I do believe In general, the Atlanta police department is quite good. But I do think that they can be overstressed sometimes when they're asked to go to calls where they're potentially dealing with a person who's dealing with a mental issue that maybe it's not a criminal problem, so that we consider sitting social workers out of those situations and leave police officers to focus on situations that threaten the lives and well being of citizens in property. You very much for Hear me out.
Hi, my name is Jessica Thompson, thank you for taking the time to listen to the public. The comments that I want to make is that we need to be from the police in Atlanta perform is not enough. We've seen time and time again in major cities that reform does not solve the problem. chokeholds were banned in New York in 1993. And that didn't say their garden. Just last night, we're sharp Brooks was king In Atlanta by police he was asleep in his car. He didn't pass the sobriety tests and according to the police that was punishable by death. This is unacceptable. We need to put the money back into the community we need to support our marginalized communities and stop killing them. Keep on the police.
Hello, my name is Tom Malone. I am a resident of Virgin Islands. Jennifer is my Councilwoman, I am calling to leave a comment on the budget. I see right now. We are increasing the police budget by about 5%. And I think we need to do on the police. Black Lives Matter across the entire country and the more that we pour into a violent institution like the police less that we actually respect our people and keep them safe. We can instead put that money into social services and parks and things that prevent people even needing policing or training for them. But for people that immediately respond with guns, I'm not convinced that all this money you're spending on body cameras or training does anything. You know, people still turn off their body cameras or they will still film an entire murder on a body camera. And if you're only doing eight hours of implicit bias training, that is a joke. This type of thing happens in Atlanta, there's been numerous police shootings and there was even one this weekend and Rashard Brooks should not be dead right now. And this is only because of how much money we give the police. So I asked him to defund the police and do not increase the budget and I'm sorry, email bullying, but no one seems to actually be listening. So this is why I'm leaving this comment to defund the police. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Laura ran and I live in district two in Cameron Park Atlanta. I'm calling because I think it's acceptable to increase the Atlanta Police Department budget by 12 million. And then 6% this year, especially when we're looking at austerity in other areas, and particularly in light of the shooting that happened this weekend. Thank you very much. City Council.
My name is Virginia stinks. I am a resident in city council district five. I'm calling to express my concerns over the police budget allocation that is proposed for the fiscal year 2021. budget. I recognize that some reform methods have been proposed to give police officers raises. But I think we are seeing more than now. Now more than ever, that reform is not the answer. reform is not working for people. We need to have less police officers on the force. They need to be compensated well the ones who are accountable We need to reallocate that money to imagine better solutions for our communities. Too often, a gun is discharged when it does not need to be at all. I am angry, a lot of other folks in our community are angry. And we have the opportunity to do something different, to do something better and to reimagine a better future. You can reach me at 404-272-6756 Thank you.
My name is Alisha Ray and my pronouns are she de or my name. I'm calling because I would like to see the Atlanta city council amend the proposed fiscal year 2021 budget. I'm demanding that you cancel all police raises and the 2021 budget. you cancel the proposed 12 point $12 million rate The general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. I would like you to cancel the proposed 987 k raise and the airport revenue funds for Atlanta police service in 2021. And I would like you to reallocate those funds evenly to city departments. This is the executive offices, Parks and Recreation Department, as well as city planning or public work. We need more resources and we need community support. We don't need more police.
Good afternoon. My name is Helen saurez. That demands have for the budget are as follows. I want you to cancel our police raises and the 2021 budget cancelled the proposed 12 point 12 million raise and the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. canceled the proposed 987 k raised in the airport revenues line for Atlanta police services in 2021. And we are allocate those funds evenly to departments such as the executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning Public Works, etc. There is no reason that we should be giving this much money to the police when they just shot an innocent black man in cold blood in front of a Wendy's drive thru that is absolutely disgusting. Thank you very much. Have a great night.
Hello, my name is the world OSI and I am calling about the funding the police department. They are not keeping us safe. They have killed people who don't need to be killed. For instance, last night Rachel Brooks was murdered by the Atlanta police for falling asleep in his car. Yes, he did run away. It was clear that he was intoxicated. There's no reason to kill him. Please be fun. The police, we need to put that money into school into helping the homeless, into helping mentally ill people and helping to fight poverty and helping to educate people. So that's what I need to say. Please de fund the police. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Shelly lorenzana. And I'm calling to say that after the inappropriate use of force we've seen by the Atlanta Police Department against cyan tonight pilgrim and the death of Rashard Brooks this weekend. I don't know what the answer is. We need to consider allocating funds for social change. We need social programs that can fix the issues we're seeing with excessive force. We can accept children being harassed and fathers losing their lives do this negligence. The police are obviously not capable of handling these types of situations appropriately. We need to get creative and consider divesting in the police force and investing in programs for real change, Albert community. Thank you for listening.
Hi, my name is Gabby watts I live in cabs town and I am really displeased at the Atlanta Police Department discussing what they are doing. Also they killed in the middle of the biggest civil rights protests in this country. They killed a black man Richard Brooks. So I am demanding as a citizen of this city for my whole life to please defund the police. Please take away their money, please take away their weapons, do not give them anything. They are killing our people. And it is horrible. So please do not forgive us. The education, social services we need to better our city and the police are not doing that. So please defend please take away their money take away their weapons take away. take away their job. We don't want any of them. Thank you so much.
Good morning. My name is Mahesh Kumar. I'm currently a law student at Emory and I live in the city of Italy. I wanted to voice my concern about the proposed increase to a PDS police budget. The police may not be funded more than they already are. In fact, I am a strong advocate for defunding the police and instead reallocating police funding to restorative practices and public benefit. All of the data shows that these proactive measures will reduce crime and improve safety, and especially given the recent violence and acted by APD on innocent citizens, both protests and citizens living their regular lives. We can see that increasing APD funding is only giving more money to a violent system. That is brutalizing innocent people. So I urge the city council members to defund the police and to invest more in practices that will actually help our community. Thank you.
Hi, in the towel, and I just wanted to put in my comment about how I support the FYI 20 budget remote for the police department for the race. And I just want to reiterate that I fully support counsels decision to support our police for I think the people who want to defund the police force are absolute. Thank you Have a good day.
This is Christina Archer. I am calling to find a police and but that budget is fed into education which is totally needed for So that about Thank you The police are a danger to our society.
My name is Dan Clifford. I'm a resident of little five points. I'd like to tell you to fucking please keep on the Atlanta police department so they stop fucking shooting my friends and tear gassing them, as well as shooting unarmed black men in the back for being asleep in a goddamn Wendy's drive thru. I don't think it really gets any more any further than that, considering the fact that you're trying to fucking increase the budget instead of decreases. I don't understand how you could be as fucking stupid as you are. Why don't Atlanta schools? Why do teachers have to buy their own fucking fly? Different fund the police, abolish the department and get the fuck out.
My name is Brittany Britton. I live in 30316 East Atlanta. I wanted to leave a comment that I think that not only should be Atlanta city budget, reducing not increase the budget for the Atlanta PD. But that budget should be reduced and all of those funds should be transferred to things like mental health professional after school program, violence, crime deterrence program, and other such things that will make the city safer without increasing a police presence. Police do not lower crime proportional to the budget increases that we have seen. And there are other ways to increase public safety. We should imagine a better future. And it should start by defending the Atlanta PD. Thank you.
Hi, my inner city council. This is Julia Wallace. I grew up in Atlanta. I'm almost 80 years old and I would like to call for the defunding of the police department. Please listen to the voices that you hear on the streets today, in response to Rashard, two nights ago. Please, please dismantle the police department. We Need a big overhaul? Thank you so much. Thank you for all the work you do.
Alexander Horeb I'm calling to implore the Atlanta city council to defund the police after the killing the Wendy's were another yet another black man has been shot. the resignation of the police chief well, an important gesture is not enough. policing in the city, clearly is out of hand. And I would implore the city of Atlanta to defund the police and use some of those funds to allocate for addiction services, mental health services, and other social services that don't involve violence that help and address community concerns and problems. People die for falling asleep in their car, or being under the influence or just generally having problems please the And the boys. This is really important to your constituents.
Hi, my name is Sarah Kelly and I'm a constituent living in the area of Atlanta. And I've noticed that in the 2021 fiscal year budget, the Atlanta PD are receiving a 5.9% increase from 2020. Meanwhile, other services are receiving cuts to their budget. I would. I would like to persuade the budget committee to reallocate funds from the Atlanta PD to education, parks and recreation or community development. And I'm thinking that the Atlanta PD has vastly misused resources in the past few years and especially in light of the murder of Rashad Brooks. I think the Atlanta PD really needs to reallocate budgeting to community services that will better help the Atlanta black community. Thank you so much for your time, and I hope that you please take into consideration the constituents opinion of defending the Atlanta PD I understand that a lot of these funds are for police pension and please wages and salaries. However, all of those salaries could simply be right being allocated to other departments that would actually help the black population rather than criminalize them. Thank you so much for your time and have a great rest of your day. Good night.
Hello, my name is Catherine Black. I'm an Inman Park resident and I wanted to call in and support the movement of defending the police. I'd like to see this. Take action Atlanta, thank you.
Anything I want to say is Keisha Lance bottoms are fake. All skin folk are not canceled because clearly you do not give a shit about black people in your, in your in your city. You don't care about black people. All you care about is making sure that you continue to support the the agenda of the police officers All you care about. So I just want to make it very clear to you. And what we are asking for is not just police defunding, we are asking for police abolition, to abolish the police to get rid of police. And it's really funny that you, for some reason can't even fathom police defunding, because it's 2021. You're trying to raise the budget for cops. Do you know how small the budget is? for social workers for community development for mental health resources? Actually, no, you should fucking know get a bucking mayor. Johnson all police raises in the 2021 budget, cancel the proposed 12.12 million raise and the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. Cancel a proposed $987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund, but they have been opposed to services and 2021 reallocate all of those funds. evenly to say departments, such as executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning, Public Works, mental health resources, community development, all that should take all of their money away from the cops because clearly they're using it to murder and if you can't see them, if you can't see that that is what is happening that is money that you want to give these people $5,000 raises to literally used to be killing black people out at then. Honestly, there's nothing else.
Hi, my name is Silvia Shipman and I live in Candler Park. And I would just like to start off by saying that I moved to Atlanta a few years ago from Nashville, because I wanted to live in a city that had a progressive government and a cultural diversity. And I have to say that I am incredibly disappointed in the actions of the city of Atlanta and over the past two weeks because I am seeing when Keisha Lance bottoms stood up there and whined about the fact that people were vandalizing the CNN Center, while her own police officers, were pure gassing peaceful protesters and shooting rubber bullets directly at peaceful protesters. To me that is just fake and that is not compassionate at all. That could have easily been your son, and you need to stand up and live that fake look of compassion off your face, because if you actually care, you will make action to defund the Atlanta PD and put the funding into something that the citizens are actually going to benefit from because right now, all I've seen in my years of living in Atlanta, is the police being aggressive, they do not help people at all. And I am requesting that you guys keep on the Atlanta PD and fund instead, programs that help the homeless people over the road. Or I don't know, maybe help protect us from the pandemic that's currently going on.
My name is Matthew Geiger. I'm a resident. In district five. I'm calling to express my strong feeling that the proposed $13.7 million increase in budget to the Atlanta Police Department could be far better spent on centralizes affordable housing and education on their lifelong members of our community that are being priced out and pushed to the outskirts of Atlanta. And this is not just we're at a critical juncture. Thank you for listening.
Hi, my name is Cameron Warner. I'm an Atlanta resident in the code 30316 and I just wanted to leave a message for the council calling for Maybe a proposed zero tolerance policy for police officers in the event that they shoot and kill an unarmed citizen regardless of race, regardless of exceeding circumstances, they are fired. And investigations are immediately launched into the situation. I would also like to call for defunding the police and increased funding using those money using that money to sneak into funding community organizations or community engagement training, safety trainings for the community mental health resources for the community substance abuse and addiction resources for the community. Thank you guys for all you do and for listening to us. And I hope that this is a period where maybe increased listening can can happen and we can have a real positive impact on the community together. Thank you so much. Have a great day.
My name is Amanda Dennis. My phone number is 770-301-2272 year police officers shot another man last night another black man. They do not deserve a job. They do not deserve funding, defund the police right now put the funding into the community into mental health into public safety, not into police.
Hi, my name is Claire Madison. I live in East Atlanta Village and I am making a public comment. Because I would like the city council to reduce funding to the Atlanta police department and divert that funding to community organizations and other emergency response services that are more capable to respond to 911 and emergency calls. In a non violent way that does not end up with people dying. I would also urge the city council to diversities to community organizations that work on reducing crime by providing affordable housing, access to job training, and other resources, such as those. Thank you so much for your time. Have a great day.
Hi, my name is Matt Rosenfeld. I'm a Fulton County resident. I'm calling about the $2 million increase in police services and the 2021 budget. I'm requesting that we define the police now and move from a community of persecution to a community of care by supporting services we've neglected for too long, that enrich lives and help our communities grow and heal. Police system was built to perpetuate the enslavement of black and brown people and we need change now. Too many people of color have died at the hands of police officers. I urge you to do the right thing and stay black.
Hi, this is TVB when I'm calling that we need to demand justice for Ray sharp Brooks Who was murdered on June 13. You cannot give a raise to the officers who murdered this man they need to be charged and convicted. Please listen to your black community leaders and members. Please get justice for raesha and Brooks. Thank you for listening.
Hi, this is Hayley feelin. So what we demand as a public is that you cancel all police raises and the 2021 budget cancelled the proposed 12 point $12 million raise in the general fund. Atlanta police services in 2021. canceled the proposed $987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. And then take those funds reallocate them to city departments such as executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning, Public Works, etc. Thank you for listening
Hi, my name is Devin Brown. I'm in district one and I'm just calling to leave a comment about the 2021 budget. I would promote divestment from police funding and cancel all police races in the 2021 budget. Cancel the proposed 12 point $12 million raise and the general fund for Atlanta police services, canceled the proposed $987,000 raise and the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services and reallocate all of those funds evenly to city departments like housing, parks and recreation, city planning Public Works, basically all of the other services that we need to better support and grow our communities rather than having them live in fear for their lives. We can we can do a lot better with all of this money and I think that requires reallocation of resources. is moving it out of out of the police and into other other community services that that can strengthen what we have and can demonstrate that we actually care about constituents and each other and the betterment of our lives. So thank you.
Hello, my name is Cassidy Reed stone. And I am calling to comment on the budget. And what I'm asking for is for you to cancel all the police raises in the 2021 budget to cancel the proposed $987,000 raise and the airport revenue fund for the Atlanta police services in 2021. To cancel a proposed 12 point 12 million raised from the general fund for Atlanta police services and 21. And to reallocate those funds evenly to study departments such as the executive If offices houses and parks, recreation, city planning Public Works and other city departments, thank you.
Hi, my name is Alison Carter. Recently I was made aware that the Atlanta city fiscal year 2001 budget would be allocating a third of its unsealing a police department and other citizen of Atlanta is going to be unacceptable. I believe our city and much like Minneapolis and Camden, New Jersey can find a better way. I ask you to save Atlanta reevaluate increasing funding for the police department and instead begin steps to defend the police. Atlanta should replace all of us citizen cell by officers, social workers, caseworkers and mental health officials. Definitely the son intended for the police department should be redistributed into the city of Atlanta, adequate health care, education and access to job capacity research shown that there is a ramp and continuous problem within the police department. Since the beginning of June. There have been numerous examples of excessive use of force from APD for when they have been there have been people for assessors met with Tear gas and other military equipment that is unnecessary for any police department service is meant to serve and protect to have that interview but no, they're meant to intimidate and give law enforcement an overinflated sense of power over people citizens. Secondly, tonight pilgrim and die young or tase dragged from their current arrest without cause. Early Rashard Brooks was shot and killed by Atlanta police officers during what should have been a case of someone just being safely encouraged to their home in a way where they actions and the excessive use of force taken by law enforcement against these people acceptable. All these incidents are very disturbing. resharper says murder shows Gross Misconduct from Atlanta law enforcement is still alive today. Again, I write to ask, I call to ask that you do not increase the budget for police officers and instead divert all of that funding to things that will empower the community instead of rewarding unaccessible and dangerous paper clips with the disguise of enforcing the law. And keep thank you for your time and I sincerely hope that you consider these taking steps to And the police and 100% take steps and do demilitarize the police and
The police need to be defunded. There's no reason that there should continue to be isolated incidents of violence in the state of Atlanta. There needs to be greater protections for employees for African Americans who have been disenfranchised by this system for so long. That should include defunding the police. That should also include creating a hate crime. I hope the city does better.
Hi, my name is Meredith Kenny and I'm a constituent as 30316. I just wanted to leave a comment helping me drastically reduce the police budget for 2021. The city needs a lot more help for homelessness for poor people for infrastructure. For jobs, and we need a lot less fatalities. So please consider it was happening the budget of the police department and defer those funds to the schools, to other public resources to fighting homelessness, to fighting hunger for jobs programs, and please do not give that money to the police.
Hello, my name is Irina Chicana and I'm a resident of Osborne toward I'm calling to ask city council members to reject the correct proposed budget. I understand that the corrections budget has already being tough. simply unacceptable that the police budget accounts for nearly a third of the entire city budget, especially in light of police misconduct and violence. We need to put our resources our communities into efforts that support voter rights, public health, education and affordable housing. Not A police department that is guided by a culture of systemic oppression and racism. We've already seen as a type of reform suggested by campaigns here with a Can't wait doesn't address the fundamental problems inherent to policing. we clearly need to take a different approach, urgency of this of the matter and to take swift action to among the city budget and the demands of our community. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Mary Claire Kelly, and I'm calling to leave my comment before to a city council budget meeting to advocate for defunding the Atlanta police department who an institution that is responsible for the murder of Rashard Brooks last night for you know, it doesn't even matter what he did. Our city should not be killing people. our tax dollars should not be going to the depths of our neighbors and friends and loved ones and city of Atlanta should not, you know, be funding an institution using the veil of protecting public safety to kill people this isn't this they are not securing safety. For the residents of the city, they are securing safety for property owners for air for. For property, people's lives are more valuable than whatever high rise someone is promising to develop in this city. Right? You know?
Hello, my name is Marie tingle and I am an Atlanta city resident and I am calling in regards to the 5.5% increase in it Atlanta public police department and I am requesting that the proposed budget be rejected and reworked. And to include such things as an overhaul of the APD recruitment system and anti bias training, a full review of the citizens Review Board, ensuring that all of the eight camp wait policies are adopted, implementing zero tolerance for weapons being pulled in appropriately and reallocating money to other items such as grants and community development, public defender, etc. Thank you for your time and your consideration and your leadership. I look forward to hearing that the budget will be rejected and reworked. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Chris pencil Lee. I am a resident of constituents in Atlanta, Georgia. I'm looking at the Post budget for 2021 right now. And I see that you will increase the budget for law enforcement. I also see that you have slightly reduced a budget for the Department of Corrections, but not by very much. And I wanted to talk about these issues. I understand that there has been a promise to increase the salary wages of consultants, and firemen however, I think there needs to be a sense of earning higher wage, I think, if we are not at a place where we can increase wages for all workers in Georgia to a living wage, 16 wage minimum. I don't think that police officers right now has earned a right to an increased pay. I know that not all police officers are bad, but I think overall, we need to. Officers don't understand what is going on. We'll understand why they have not earned the right to an increased salary. Especially when the majority of Georgians really need an increased salary right now, to combat higher housing and food cost. I also see the Department of Corrections. It's a much lower budget. It's a budget at all. Thank you for your time.
My name is Dr. Evan the store so I was just alarmed to see that the Atlanta police department is getting 5% in budgets while other arguably more important, and certainly more deserving right now services are being gutted. So I'm particularly concerned about the 14% decrease in funding to K through 12. Education. If you reform the education system, then not only are we going to adversely affect cities of the day and in future generations, but we're really inevitably going to lead to more increased need for policing in the future, potentially exacerbating the already strained system we have. I mean, the the old analogy right is we can treat the disease or we can just decide to keep putting more expensive band aids on the wound so that we can ignore it. And I really would suggest against the funding the more preventative measures measures such as education, particularly when the band aids were using are suffering from institutionalized racism, and other organizational issues, particularly in light of the Black Lives Matter movement and the most recent senseless deaths of for sure Brooks, I really felt I had to speak out. Make my opinion heard. And I hope you take this into consideration. Thank you.
But my name is Allison Watson. No, I don't have insurance to shop by police. Friday night in situation and most everyone in Greece can be easily implemented. How many more black people need to die at the hands of police before real change happens. Please reconsider the proposed 2021 budget and instead we'll reallocate the 5.9% increase to the police department will reallocate those funds and services and programs to promote promote safe and equitable communities. Social Services equitable housing You name it. Anything that gets money away from this department department that promotes and uphold white supremacy. Thank you. City Council.
My name is Harrison Gallo. I live in Midtown and I wanted to make a comment on the budget problems. We saw that the pickleball courts to give every Atlanta cop a $5,000 raise in 2021. And we want to we want to make sure that the city council knows that we think this is a horrible, especially given the recent actions died in the killing of Rashard Brooks the murder of Rashard books. We think that all police races in the 2021 budget should be canceled. People also believe that the proposed $12 million raise in the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021 should be canceled given the recent action. We believe that the proposed $1 million raise the airport revenue fund for Atlantic versus should definitely be removed. Going forward. 2021 degrees of fun should be present for the homeless community that walk to the airport. also believe that funds are given evenly or the funds that are divested from the police budget should be given evenly to departments such as the executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning and public works. that people recognize that bond is beginning to speak out on kind of tragedies but we know that the responses she's given so far is not enough. her recent $15 million budget cut for the Atlanta correctional system is not enough. The resigning of Erica shields is not enough and we want to make sure that keeps him at bottom is listening to us and that we're watching her response very carefully in a waiting between 21 Amanda mayoral election to let her know how we feel about the response. Thank you.
Hi, this is Caroline a permanent resident and I got the couple's budget and expressed desire for there'd be less money allocated towards the police force in more allocated towards education and other community organizations that can aid the city and its residents to more beneficial ways. Thank you.
Hello, I'm a constituent from Atlanta, Georgia and I am calling to submit a public comment requesting that the 2021 budget cancel all police rates cancel the $12.2 million rate in the general fund for the Atlanta police services, cancel the proposed raise and the revenue fund for the Atlanta Police Services City Airport and reallocate those funds evenly to city departments by the executive offices, parks and rec city planning and public works. Thanks so much.
My name is Sai Brown. I'm calling on behalf of the budget for the city of Atlanta to come to my attention that we're spending around 217 billion dollars There's on police and law enforcement. community and, you know, Grant and development was somewhere around $313,000. I've seen that there's a $13 million increase almost 14 if you round up law enforcement. My question is why are in light of the situation that we are seeing? Why are we not seeing the money allocated to better suit the community of Atlanta, while we're still seeing issues and law enforcement taking place and the deaths and the harassment of our citizens. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Kara Hines. And I'm calling because I am. I am outraged at the 217.6 million proposed budget For the Atlanta police department, and I'm calling to insist that you reallocate these funds towards mental health programs towards decarceration and other community programs and places in the budget that exists that are underfunded at the core ethics to have this absurd budget for the police department in the wake of the murder of Rashard books, and other murders in our city, at the hands of the police department, in the wake of the brutality that is being experienced, experienced by people protesting expressing their right to assemble that have been met with excessive force by the APD. I think it is time that you take responsibility for the fact that this department does not help Atlantans and it must be defunded now. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Shannon Duffy. I'm a resident of the fifth district here. Word, express my disapproval for this proposed budget. The 217 or over 217 million dollars allocated towards the police in this plan is completely despicable. I think that the police have been given too many resources and too much reach and clearly with the recent rendering of Rashard Brooks, they're not here helping protect your service. They're here to brutalize citizens at whatever cost to maintain order. And I'm requesting that none of this money be given to the police department. Thank you for your time. Please use this money instead to help actual community efforts and actual projects that improve our city and not provide people with resources instead of killing them.
My name is Andrew Zacks, a resident of Atlanta, and I would seriously like to encourage you all, to drastically defund the police department or at least reduce their budget from the overwhelming I think $255 million that are allocated to it today, not to mention non departmental spending, as well as completely demilitarize the city and surrounding police departments because I know you all have a good deal of influence. And I think that would go a long way to improving our city as a whole. Thank you so much.
Hi there. My name is Emily Johnston, and I'm a lifelong resident of Atlanta. I'm calling to express my concerns with the proposed 2021 budget, particularly the increase in spending for Atlanta police and significant decrease in funding for Central Community Services. In the wake of COVID-19, our already dire affordable housing crisis will increase COVID-19 has had a significant negative impact on vulnerable residents of Atlanta and that is only set to worsen in the month in reducing funding for social services, the city of Atlanta is turning its back on its most vulnerable citizens. Instead greeting their poverty, homelessness and medical need with criminalization. You as council members are facing a pivotal moment with the power to be on the right side of history. A massive amount of constituents are calling out for Atlanta city council to take a hard look at your priorities and invest in community well being rather than community criminalization. The Atlanta Police Department budget is already bloated and slated to increase while the executive offices are set to lose 1.2 million from their already measly budget. Police are routinely deployed to handle situations that they are not equipped to handle. You have the power to direct funds to services that are able better able to address the root causes of crime and inequality in the city. With this in mind, I'm asking you to reject the proposed 2021 budget and demand and increase Sorry and demand a decrease in Atlanta Police Department funding with a corresponding increase in funding for human services, constituent services, sustainability and other departments in the city that essential Community Services. Along with this, I'm demanding that the city of Atlanta created along with this undemanding the city of Atlanta create a strategic plan for reduction of policing and increase community services that centers on meeting the needs of Atlanta's black communities with direct input from local organizers who have dedicated their lives to Advancing Justice.
My name is Maggie Burgess like to express my serious concerns as the budget for fiscal year 2021 includes over 260 $2 million for the Atlanta police department. I would ask that the budget not be passed. If that budget for the Atlanta police department is at least cut in half. I would also ask the budget not be passed unless there's a serious plan in place for the next decade. On How the city council can fund and reform police departments.
Hi, my name is Gabriella saboteur and I demand that you cancel all police raises in the 2021 budget. Cancelled proposed 12 point 12 million rays in the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. Chancellor proposed 97 k raise airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. And reallocate those funds evenly to say departments such as executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning and public works. defund the police. I stand with those that are like killed for no reason. And
oh, my name is Angela and T. I am a resident of Kirkland in Miss Archer bongs district. I'm calling to express my concern of The proportion that the police is taking in the 2021 budget for our city. I think as any anybody who's been watching the news knows the police are not effective and investing one third of our city's budget into police reflects a disconnect between our values and how, where we put our money. I am suggesting substantial increases in social services, Public Works, parks, city planning, transportation, and community development just to suggest a few. I think if we invest in the people of Atlanta, we will do great things. All right, thanks.
Mr. Yarborough, I am a resident of Atlanta and I am calling to raise concerns over increasing the police budget and 2021 seem like a time. We're raising a police budget, especially considering what's happening in the economy and with public health crisis. I would like to cancel or ask that you can't go obsolete phrases the proposed 12 point 12 million raise in the general funds, the police services and the proposed rates and the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. And reallocate the funds to things that actually help our community, including the executive offices, immigration, planning, and public work. Thank you very much for listening.
Hi, my name is Katerina shamburger. And I'm calling in regards to the upcoming budget briefing. I just quickly want to read through my comments and concerns. They have quite a lot. As you know, there's a devastatingly long list of black people who have been killed at the hands of law enforcement and The same time the US basically means the world and COVID-19 cases. And the COVID-19 cases and deaths caused by police terror are pretty much connected and consequential to each other. The US does not have a national health care system. Instead, we have the largest military budget in the world and some of the most well funded and militarized police departments in the world. So essentially, policing and militarization overwhelmingly dominate the bulk of our national and local budgets. And so I noticed in your budget, there is 270 million dollars for police services in Atlanta, we can't believe that 13 million increase from last year. I request that you consider putting that money elsewhere tonight in your budget talk or tomorrow, your budget talks, because I think that that money could go a million other places. So for example, I believe that could go towards building healthy communities, to the health of our community, especially elders and children, to neighborhood infrastructure. I mean, especially to education, education. I believe we can solve so many problems in the world. And if we actually put money towards that would be educating people, including people that might be currently extremely racist. And I just think that the possibilities are endless there. So I call for defending the police and for those dollars be rerouted, especially as you create a public national health care system, especially in the time of this pandemic. So I urge you to vote no on all increases the budget, yes, to decrease police spending and budgets, and please guess to increase spending and thank you so much. And I just urge you again, I don't know if you heard the rest but don't know and all increase police budget but yes to decrease police spending and budget and vote yes to increase spending on health care, education and community programs. Thank you for listening. I really urge you to take action.
My name is Henry bloom, and I am a resident of the park in the town. And I wanted to avoid mechanical glitches and I'm deeply alarmed. 5.9% increase. It's currently slated to be distributed to the police department. And I think that city, I would like to urge you to reconsider that move and reinvest that money in the public works. Department of Parks recreation needs to be distributed to candidates rather than to the police department. Thank you.
My name is Ben Miller. I'm a resident of the city of Atlanta. I'm disturbed by the way our police horses is handling themselves and believe that the budget is the wrong priorities and that there's an increase in the budget for the medical department, given how they're acting and the demand There's a decrease in the budget for important functions like our education system is completely backward, calling it to defund. The Atlanta Police Department reduced their amount of our overall reduced budget, put more in the back into our education system and maybe follow the lead that other cities are taking to shift some of the Atlanta Police Department all to community organizations, community ambassadors, and to have the first point of contact between Lana and the city not be someone with a gun. They don't deserve the funding. I call on you to be from the police. Thank you.
My name is Laura Anderson. I'm calling to ask him to defend the Atlanta police in the race is the opposite of what they need. That is the reward for Terrible pourraient behavior in honor of Richard Brooks, and all other black men, women, trans people who were killed by police. As a resident of Atlanta, I beg you please fund the police do not reward the behavior, punish the behavior. Thank you.
Hi, dear Miss Archibald and staff. My name is Eric Goldstein. And I along with my family have been living in district five for almost 18 years. I'd like to take this time to present my case on why you should reject those 2021 budget. Firstly, the increase in budget with the Atlanta police heavily outweighs all the necessary and essential community service, which are backbone affair supported in community and appears these programs are also slated to experience a decrease or in some cases elimination of budgetary support. Secondly, COVID-19 devastating the lives of people of color with So many in our community, African Americans who are disproportionately sicker and have a higher risk of contracting the virus. With that said, we need to start lifting up the people supporting them with the most appropriate care and resources. All of you need to agree that the system is broken. We need to change our priorities ASAP. And it begins with you. That's really the ask. There's a national swells from the cities just like yours who are starting to listen to what the people want and need. Wanting to ask you to move the needle in the right direction for the city of Atlanta, to please consider rejecting this proposed budget by reallocating the budget formally slated for the place, and these programs will start at the balance of where communities are better cared for and served. Thank you for your time.
Hi, my name is Amanda rose more. I live in cabbage town and I'm calling to the public comment on the 2021 budget. And I see that there is increase in funding for our police And I want to call to ask to help that increase. I think that the city of Atlanta has shown that we have a police force that is an example to the rest of the country. But I think we can also be an example in how we handle issues that are better solved by others than police. So taking that funding and putting it into programs that aid homelessness programs that address health care issues, childhood programs, and I hope that the city council, look at kind of the other opportunities we have to make the city better in a way that doesn't involve police. I'll tell you that living in a primarily white neighborhood. I don't interact with the police frequently and I know other neighbors who live in other neighborhood premiere of the saying please violence And so how do we get to a better solution? And I really think it's about getting at the root problems of poverty, lack of health care, you know, child education programs. And so I hope we take that funding that was slated for the place and start to shift it into programs that will get to the root causes. Thank you very much for your time.
Hi, my name is Karla nada de and I am an Atlanta resident. I'm calling with two demands. The first is to reallocate the 32 million that is slated to increase the Atlanta police department's budget to community services. That is the absolute least that can be done about the bloated Police Department budget, which should be absolutely gutted after the shameful and disgusting acts committed by the officers. They have shown time and time again that reform does not work the funds the police and invest in the community instead. Secondly, why is the Atlanta city detention center still getting $8 million in funding when it was approved for closure last month and now stalling the By the jail and use that funding to care for the black community that has populated the jail for decades. With your actions, the budget Council and the mayor have demonstrated a complete disregard for the black community in Atlanta. And I'm glad you're finally all being exposed. It's up to you how you respond. And you can start by drafting a people's budget that invest more into the community's well being, and its imprisonment. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Quintin Fernando. I am and I was a resident and I have comments or demand that I would like you guys to keep in mind. First, please cancel all police rage raises and the 2021 budget. Second, canceled the proposed 12 point 12 million raise in the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. Third, cancel the proposed $987,000 raise the airport revenue Find for the Atlanta police services in 2021. For them finally reallocate all those funds to city departments such as executive offices, parks and recreation, city planning and public works. Thank you. Have a great day.
Hello, my name is Dennis and I'm resident of Gresham park in Atlanta. I wanted to call about the proposed budget for the increase increases 12 point 12 million raised in the general fund for Atlanta police services. I would ask that that be canceled. I think that no more money should be going into the police especially after what happened with Rashard Brooks. Also, I will call to cancel all the police raises in the toy 21 budget and also cancel the 987,000 raise in the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. I think that all these funds should be directed into different city departments, and especially into education. I have a two year old daughter and I hope that eventually whenever she is going to school, then yeah, then she will have the funds to have better education. I also hope that some of that money goes into public planning and public works. There are so many insane portals in Atlanta, and even decap Avenue just like need total real. And yeah, I think that Atlanta is money too. Go into things in what actually helps the community better instead of police reform. Thank you for listening.
Hi, this is Emma powers. I live in Grant Park. And I'm calling just because I want to talk about police budget. I know you're probably getting a ton of messages about this. And I just really want to voice to the chorus of people saying, I don't think that this is the time to increase the budget of the police. I think we, we need to look at other priorities in our city and reallocate a lot of those funds. I know that the leadership in Atlanta and the police department, you know, has been the best you could ask for I think there's been a ton of reforms and a lot of good work that was, you know, tried to be done. But I think it's not enough. I think that people are still being killed and people are not safe, and so The more money on police doesn't make our city safer. It increases the violence for the city. So I think canceling the police rages raises in the 2020 budget canceling proposed 112 million dollar raise in the general fund. canceling the 987,000 raised in the airport revenue fund, all those things, I think have to be done because I don't think that it'll make our city safer. And I think that money can be used elsewhere to a lot more benefit, and other city services that we really need, like Parks and Recreation, city planning, all of those things. Thank you so much for listening and I really appreciate the fact that the slides just did. I hope you guys have a good rest today.
My name is Janice June and considering everything that's been happening in the past honestly, decades. And considering what's happened, the murder of Rashard Brooks. I think it is trust to demand that all police raises in the 2021 budget be canceled. He proposed called point 12 million raised in the general fund for Atlanta police services in 2021 also be canceled, and that the proposed $987,000 raise and the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021 also be canceled. And those funds that are evenly or reallocate those funds evenly to say departments, such as the executive offices, houses a lot which houses a lot of services, parks and recreation, city planning, public works and other services which would benefit way more than the people who are killing Georgians on a yearly basis This is our money. This is our community, and we deserve to demand that please be defended. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Annie Franklin and I live in district two in the midst of a pandemic, which is causing record high eviction cases and also mass protests about police brutality. The current proposed budget seems particularly cruel and misaligned with Atlantis values. I understand that much of the increase is due to is planned for personnel. However, we have been protesting for weeks to ask our our council to divert those police salaries, investments, social workers, and trained mental health specialists. As a result of this, as lands have been tear gas in China during peaceful protests at the police department that just a few weeks ago, council members were called Quote, very responsible during a public meeting. A few days ago, this very same department killed an unarmed black man for sleeping in his car. I joined the many voices are waiting for you to do what's right for the future of all plans, and invest in social services that will help us weather this pandemic. I'm closing off this call with a recording of this very irresponsible Police Department shooting rubber bullets and peaceful protesters. Please listen to the fear in their voices caused by this very department. We are paying one third of our total budget to protect us.
My name is Megan Malone. I wonder if there is a way in light of the recent protests and the clear support from the Atlanta public for defunding or at least limiting the funding of the Atlanta PD. I strongly urge Keisha Lance bottoms and the City Council to consider drastically cutting those, that budget because that makes up such a large percentage of what our city money goes to. I see that last year there was a desire for additional millions to be sent for to the Atlanta PD. And I think that there are other ways in which we can use this money that does not include the threat of murder to Atlanta citizens. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Betty Barnard and I am an Atlanta resident district two. I'm calling to express extreme concern about the proposed 13.7 million increase in the Atlanta police department's budget. Already grossly bloated. Like with the events of last weekend and the preceding weeks that we need to be seriously reconsidering how we fund the police in our city, and also the level of support and community engagement that the police are currently failing to provide. Their job is to protect and to serve and until they can prove to the community that they're able to do that they should absolutely not get an increase in their budget. Thank you. Hi, I'm Molly Redmond. I'm calling with metro Atlanta democratic central to demand that the city council follow the demands of black organizations and defund the police close the Atlanta city detention center and reinvest the same funds into black community organizations and social services. I also demand that the Atlanta city council should adopt the demands of Unite Here local 23 and protect Hartsfield Jackson workers to prevent furloughs and black community organizations that demand a moratorium on eviction. rent and mortgage payments or tutorial on arrests for minor offenses, and then the media investment in emergency housing for those who need shelter during the pandemic. Thank you for your time. Hi, my name is Khalid and I am calling to urge the city council to delay in making any decisions at the budget. Further operation I mean ultimate alternatives have been looked into with regard to their policing methods for other social services that can be offered in the truth of the belief.
Hi, my name is Kaylee DeVoe. I live in the city of Atlanta and prior to your meeting next week on your on the budget. I wanted to leave a comment supporting and defending the police and reallocating those funds to community needs public education, mental health facilities. Again, I am calling in support as defunding the police here in Atlanta.
Good morning. My name is tangi Allen I reside in college district wants to call a request at the budget for the London police department and decision about how those funds will be allocated be delayed. To allow for additional time to do our due diligence and researching other options, how to re appropriate some of Atlanta police department's budget to cover more of the preventive end of the community policing spectrum. efficiently Any questions? She does have my phone number, and I would love to have a conversation about this further. Thank you so much. Okay, name.
My name is Brittany burden. I live in 30316 East Atlanta. I wanted to leave a comment that I think that not only should be Atlanta city budget, reducing not increased that by For the Atlanta PD, but that budget should be reduced. And all of those funds should be transferred to things like mental health professional after school program, violence, crime deterrence program, and other such things that will make the city safer without increasing a police presence. Police do not lower crime proportional to the budget increases that we have seen. And there are other ways to increase public safety. We should imagine a better future. And it should start by defending the Atlanta PD. Thank you.
Hi, I'm Wilson. I'm a resident Mitchum. And I just wanted to say you guys really need to get on the police. I mean, you are actively oppressing your own people. I mean, I just as a warning, I think we could continue to raise the budget for the Atlanta police department. If you're going to see more and more backlash and I think it's not just like out of out of For no reason. I mean, I think this is like mostly me being willfully ignorant. I mean, change is going to happen no matter what it's going to happen. And I highly suggest that you choose wisely.
My name is akia. And my last name is believe it. The only thing left for you to do is resign. I'm sorry. nobody's listening to the pilot protesters. Go.
Hi, Atlanta City Council. This is Julia Wallace. I grew up in Atlanta. I'm almost 80 years old and I would like to call for the defunding of the police department. Please listen to the voices that you hear on the streets today. In response to ratioed two nights ago, please, please dismantle the police department. We need a big overhaul. Thank you so much. Thank you for all the work you do. today.
Alexander whore I'm calling to implore the Atlanta city council to defund the police after the killing the Wendy's where another yet another black man has been shot. the resignation of the police chief well, an important gesture is not enough. policing in the city, clearly is out of hand. And I would implore the city of Atlanta to beef on the police and use some of those funds to allocate for addiction services, mental health services, and other social services that don't involve violence that helps address community concerns and problems. People shouldn't die for falling asleep in their car or being under the influence, or just generally having problems please leave on the police. This is really important to your constituents.
Sarah Kelly and the constituents living in every area of Atlanta and I have noticed that in the 2021 fiscal year budget, the Atlanta PD are receiving a 5.9% increase from 2020. Meanwhile, other services are receiving cuts to their budget. I would. I would like to persuade the budget committee to reallocate funds from the Atlanta PD to education, parks and recreation or community development. And I'm thinking that the Atlanta PD has vastly misused resources in the past few years and especially in light of the murder of Rashad broke. I think the Atlanta PD really needs to reallocate budgeting to community services that will better help them Atlanta black community. Thank you so much for your time and I hope that you please take into consideration the constituents opinion of defending the Atlanta PD. I understand that a lot of these funds are for police pension and police wages and salaries. However, all of those salaries could simply be reallocated to other departments that would actually help the black population rather than criminalize them. Thank you so much for your time and have a great rest of your day.
Hello, my name is Katherine black. I'm Ellen Park President and I wanted to call in and support the movement of defunding the police. I'd like to see this take action in Atlanta. Thank you.
First thing I want to say is Keisha Lance bottoms, fake, all skin folk are not canceled because clearly you do not give a shit about black people in your, in your in your city. You don't care about black people. All you care about is making sure that you continue to support the agenda. And by Yarbrough, I am a resident of Atlanta and I am calling to raise concerns over increasing the police budget in 2021. It does not seem like a time for raising a police budget, especially considering what's happening in the economy and with the public health crisis. I would like to cancel or ask that you can't go obsolete phrases the proposed 12 point 12 million raise and the general fund the police services and the proposed raise and the airport revenue fund for Atlanta police services in 2021. And reallocate the funds to things that actually help our community including the executive offices, immigration plan. And public words. Thank you very much for listening.
Hi, my name is Katerina shamburger. And I'm calling in regards to the upcoming budget briefing. I just quickly want to went through my comments and concerns I have quite a lot. As you know, there's a devastatingly long list of black people who have been killed at the hands of law enforcement. And at the same time, the US basically leads the world and COVID-19 cases, and the COVID-19 cases and deaths caused by police terror are pretty much connected and consequential to each other. The US does not have a national healthcare system. Instead, we have the largest military budget in the world and some of the most well funded and militarized police departments in the world. So essentially, policing and militarization overwhelmingly dominate the bulk of our national and local budgets. And so I noticed in your proposed budget, there is 270 million dollars for police services in Atlanta, which I believe is a 13 million increase from last year. I request that you consider putting that money outward tonight in your budget talks or tomorrow your budget talks. Because I think that that money could go a million other places. So for example, I believe that could go towards building healthy communities, to the health of our community, especially elders and children to neighborhood infrastructure. I mean, especially education, education, I believe, can solve so many problems in the world. And if we actually put money towards that would be educating people, including people that might be currently extremely racist. And I just think that the possibilities are endless there. So I call for defending the police and for those dollars be rerouted, especially to create a public national health care system, especially in the time of this pandemic. So I urge you to vote no on all increases to budget. So yes, to decrease police spending and budgets, and please, yes, to increase spending and thank you so much. And I just urge you again, I don't know if you heard the rest but don't know and I'll increase the police budget. So yesterday, critically spending and budget and vote yesterday. be spending on healthcare, education and community programs. Thank you for listening, I really urge you to take action.
Hello, my name is Rachel parks and I'm a resident. I'm calling to the city budget meeting to request as a constant constituents of this council and a resident of the city that 20 $21 be diverted from the police force and invested in community based initiatives. These initiatives should address affordable housing, health care and employment and our city. The funds should support the use of counselors and social workers after school programs, trauma services and anti violence programs to address the root of the problem that continues to result in police brutality. Fun should be redirected to provide services for mental health and programs for those who are homeless. The police force should be de escalated immediately as per By the killings of raesha Brooks, this past Friday, by the APB, I asked that you act swiftly to shift these budget before Friday's vote and get to work immediately on the development of non police solution to this city's social problems. We need mental health services, not more police officers. Thank you.
Hi, my name is Caitlin prior, I was just looking at the budget last year given to Elena police. I'm honestly kind of disgusted. How is there so much money to one department? How is it that you're allowing that much money given to that department, community and actually helping and uplifting the community? What is that about? Please tell me I need to understand because when I moved to Atlanta, I felt safe here. I really believed in someplace that I belonged but I don't have as much confidence in the politicians here. And I feel like you're looking out for yourself and not for the people who reside here and work here. And the homeless people. I don't have bridges under the bridges. who were there every day. What are y'all doing? I feel like you're wasting a lot of time. That money should be going to resources, helping the children, helping the homeless, helping them disabled, helping people with drugs, actually helping Atlanta become a better place. Please do your part to do your job. Seriously, as a concerned citizen make Atlanta better than what you're doing now. They don't need that much goddamn money. I'm sorry.
Hi, I'm Darren internal college ex Mayor bottoms to divest from the Atlanta police department and invest in our communities. $217.6 million can be used in other avenues. Please flip the phone From the police department into opportunity.
Hi, my name is Jackie bro. I live in Council District numbers. And I'm calling today because I am clearly very disgusted by the police killings of black people, especially here and the city that I've grown up in and been raised by APD my entire life. So I'm very, I'm very disgusted by the Atlanta Police Department recently and throughout the past few years, so I'm calling today to leave a demand to cut the budget for the Atlanta police department by 50%. defund the Atlanta city detention center, and to reinvest the money and re entry programs, low income housing and other social services that are actually needed. Because I believe that APD has everything they need already. It's not more. Thank you for listening and please know that the world is watching. Our community is watching your decisions at this crucial moment in time to please reconsider where you would like to be. And where you will look back on 10 years from now, and this moment, thank you.
Hello, my name is Joe stouter and I am calling to demand that the city council honor the demands of black organizations by defunding the police growth in the Atlanta city detention center, and reallocating that money into social services and black community organizations. The Atlanta police department is slated to receive an increase in funding for officer salary ranges. If you've heard someone on the job, do you think you would get a raise for it, invest instead, invest that money in the black community when social services. The black community is what makes Atlanta strong and it's past time. Invest in it. I'm also calling to demand that the city council honor the demands of the night here the 23 workers to prevent furloughs for her field of workers. The city council must respect and implement but community organizations demands that moratorium on evictions, rent and mortgage payments, arrests for minor offenses and immediate investment in emergency housing. For those who need shelter during endemic if we are to empower our communities during a time of civil unrest and public health crisis, we must take care of each other rather than punish those most marginalized in our communities. Again,
my name is Ross captain is quick and simple, because it can be many more calls. I am calling to be more and more budget into community into public defenders into city Planning into ethics boards into citizens Review Board grants and Community Development anything other than the police have proven that they aren't the way to go. And we are all demanding that their bottom step up and make this an issue right here right now. Because to invest that much money into the police, all those other things that I should mention, don't even receive a fraction of that is ridiculous and will not be accepted. Mayor bottoms up do you will you up in a family Thank you so much. do what's right


























































































































































































































































































































































































